*javax.management.modelmbean.ModelMBeanConstructorInfo* *ModelMBeanConstructorInfo* 

public class ModelMBeanConstructorInfo
  extends    |javax.management.MBeanConstructorInfo|
  implements |javax.management.DescriptorAccess|

|javax.management.modelmbean.ModelMBeanConstructorInfo_Description|
|javax.management.modelmbean.ModelMBeanConstructorInfo_Fields|
|javax.management.modelmbean.ModelMBeanConstructorInfo_Constructors|
|javax.management.modelmbean.ModelMBeanConstructorInfo_Methods|

================================================================================

*javax.management.modelmbean.ModelMBeanConstructorInfo_Constructors*
|javax.management.modelmbean.ModelMBeanConstructorInfo(String,Constructor<?>)|C
|javax.management.modelmbean.ModelMBeanConstructorInfo(String,Constructor<?>,Descriptor)|
|javax.management.modelmbean.ModelMBeanConstructorInfo(String,String,MBeanParameterInfo[])|
|javax.management.modelmbean.ModelMBeanConstructorInfo(String,String,MBeanParameterInfo[],Descriptor)|

*javax.management.modelmbean.ModelMBeanConstructorInfo_Methods*
|javax.management.modelmbean.ModelMBeanConstructorInfo.clone()|Creates and retu
|javax.management.modelmbean.ModelMBeanConstructorInfo.getDescriptor()|Returns 
|javax.management.modelmbean.ModelMBeanConstructorInfo.setDescriptor(Descriptor)|
|javax.management.modelmbean.ModelMBeanConstructorInfo.toString()|Returns a str

*javax.management.modelmbean.ModelMBeanConstructorInfo_Description*

The ModelMBeanConstructorInfo object describes a constructor of the ModelMBean. 
It is a subclass of MBeanConstructorInfo with the addition of an associated 
Descriptor and an implementation of the DescriptorAccess interface. 

The fields in the descriptor are defined, but not limited to, the following. 
Note that when the Type in this table is Number, a String that is the decimal 
representation of a Long can also be used. 

NameTypeMeaning nameString Constructor name. descriptorTypeString Must be 
"operation". roleString Must be "constructor". displayNameString Human readable 
name of constructor. visibilityNumber 1-4 where 1: always visible 4: rarely 
visible. presentationStringString XML formatted string to describe how to 
present operation 

ThepersistPolicyandcurrencyTimeLimitfields are meaningless for constructors, 
but are not considered invalid. 

The default descriptor will have 
thename,descriptorType,displayNameandrolefields. 

The serialVersionUID of this class is 3862947819818064362L. 



*javax.management.modelmbean.ModelMBeanConstructorInfo(String,Constructor<?>)*

public ModelMBeanConstructorInfo(
  java.lang.String description,
  java.lang.reflect.Constructor<?> constructorMethod)

Constructs a ModelMBeanConstructorInfo object with a default descriptor. The 
(|javax.management.Descriptor|) of the constructed object will include fields 
contributed by any annotations on theConstructorobject that contain the 
(|javax.management.DescriptorKey|) meta-annotation. 

    description - A human readable description of the constructor. 
    constructorMethod - The java.lang.reflect.Constructor object describing the MBean constructor. 

*javax.management.modelmbean.ModelMBeanConstructorInfo(String,Constructor<?>,Descriptor)*

public ModelMBeanConstructorInfo(
  java.lang.String description,
  java.lang.reflect.Constructor<?> constructorMethod,
  javax.management.Descriptor descriptor)

Constructs a ModelMBeanConstructorInfo object. The 
(|javax.management.Descriptor|) of the constructed object will include fields 
contributed by any annotations on theConstructorobject that contain the 
(|javax.management.DescriptorKey|) meta-annotation. 

    description - A human readable description of the constructor. 
    constructorMethod - The java.lang.reflect.Constructor object describing the ModelMBean constructor. 
    descriptor - An instance of Descriptor containing the appropriate metadata for this instance 
       of the ModelMBeanConstructorInfo. If it is null, then a default 
       descriptor will be created. If the descriptor does not contain the field 
       "displayName" this field is added in the descriptor with its default 
       value. 

*javax.management.modelmbean.ModelMBeanConstructorInfo(String,String,MBeanParameterInfo[])*

public ModelMBeanConstructorInfo(
  java.lang.String name,
  java.lang.String description,
  javax.management.MBeanParameterInfo[] signature)

Constructs a ModelMBeanConstructorInfo object with a default descriptor. 

    name - The name of the constructor. 
    description - A human readable description of the constructor. 
    signature - MBeanParameterInfo object array describing the parameters(arguments) of the 
       constructor. 

*javax.management.modelmbean.ModelMBeanConstructorInfo(String,String,MBeanParameterInfo[],Descriptor)*

public ModelMBeanConstructorInfo(
  java.lang.String name,
  java.lang.String description,
  javax.management.MBeanParameterInfo[] signature,
  javax.management.Descriptor descriptor)

Constructs a ModelMBeanConstructorInfo object. 

    name - The name of the constructor. 
    description - A human readable description of the constructor. 
    signature - MBeanParameterInfo objects describing the parameters(arguments) of the 
       constructor. 
    descriptor - An instance of Descriptor containing the appropriate metadata for this instance 
       of the MBeanConstructorInfo. If it is null then a default descriptor 
       will be created. If the descriptor does not contain the field 
       "displayName" this field is added in the descriptor with its default 
       value. 

*javax.management.modelmbean.ModelMBeanConstructorInfo.clone()*

public |java.lang.Object| clone()

Creates and returns a new ModelMBeanConstructorInfo which is a duplicate of 
this ModelMBeanConstructorInfo. 



*javax.management.modelmbean.ModelMBeanConstructorInfo.getDescriptor()*

public |javax.management.Descriptor| getDescriptor()

Returns a copy of the associated Descriptor. 



    Returns: Descriptor associated with the ModelMBeanConstructorInfo object. 

*javax.management.modelmbean.ModelMBeanConstructorInfo.setDescriptor(Descriptor)*

public void setDescriptor(javax.management.Descriptor inDescriptor)

Sets associated Descriptor (full replace) of ModelMBeanConstructorInfo. If the 
new Descriptor is null, then the associated Descriptor reverts to a default 
descriptor. The Descriptor is validated before it is assigned. If the new 
Descriptor is invalid, then a RuntimeOperationsException wrapping an 
IllegalArgumentException is thrown. 


    inDescriptor - replaces the Descriptor associated with the ModelMBeanConstructor. If the 
       descriptor does not contain all the following fields, the missing ones 
       are added with their default values: displayName, name, role, 
       descriptorType. 

*javax.management.modelmbean.ModelMBeanConstructorInfo.toString()*

public |java.lang.String| toString()

Returns a string containing the entire contents of the 
ModelMBeanConstructorInfo in human readable form. 




