*java.lang.management.PlatformLoggingMXBean* *PlatformLoggingMXBean* The managem

public interface interface PlatformLoggingMXBean

  implements |java.lang.management.PlatformManagedObject|

|java.lang.management.PlatformLoggingMXBean_Description|
|java.lang.management.PlatformLoggingMXBean_Fields|
|java.lang.management.PlatformLoggingMXBean_Constructors|
|java.lang.management.PlatformLoggingMXBean_Methods|

================================================================================

*java.lang.management.PlatformLoggingMXBean_Methods*
|java.lang.management.PlatformLoggingMXBean.getLoggerLevel(String)|Gets the nam
|java.lang.management.PlatformLoggingMXBean.getLoggerNames()|Returns the list o
|java.lang.management.PlatformLoggingMXBean.getParentLoggerName(String)|Returns
|java.lang.management.PlatformLoggingMXBean.setLoggerLevel(String,String)|Sets 

*java.lang.management.PlatformLoggingMXBean_Description*

The management interface for the logging(|java.util.logging|) facility. 

There is a single global instance of the PlatformLoggingMXBean. The 
ManagementFactory.getPlatformMXBean(|java.lang.management.ManagementFactory|) 
method can be used to obtain thePlatformLoggingMXBeanobject as follows: 

PlatformLoggingMXBean logging = 
ManagementFactory.getPlatformMXBean(PlatformLoggingMXBean.class); 

ThePlatformLoggingMXBeanobject is also registered with the platform 
MBeanServer(|java.lang.management.ManagementFactory|) . The 
ObjectName(|javax.management.ObjectName|) for uniquely identifying 
thePlatformLoggingMXBeanwithin an MBeanServer is: 

java.util.logging:type=Logging(|java.util.logging.LogManager|) 

The instance registered in the platform MBeanServer with 
thisObjectNameimplements all attributes defined by 
(|java.util.logging.LoggingMXBean|) . 



*java.lang.management.PlatformLoggingMXBean.getLoggerLevel(String)*

public |java.lang.String| getLoggerLevel(java.lang.String loggerName)

Gets the name of the log level(|java.util.logging.Logger|) associated with the 
specified logger. If the specified logger does not exist,nullis returned. This 
method first finds the logger of the given name and then returns the name of 
the log level by calling: Logger.getLevel()(|java.util.logging.Logger|) . 
getName()(|java.util.logging.Level|) ; 

If theLevelof the specified logger isnull, which means that this logger's 
effective level is inherited from its parent, an empty string will be returned. 


    loggerName - The name of the {@code Logger} to be retrieved. 

    Returns: The name of the log level of the specified logger; or an empty string if the 
             log level of the specified logger is {@code null}. If the 
             specified logger does not exist, {@code null} is returned. 

*java.lang.management.PlatformLoggingMXBean.getLoggerNames()*

public |java.util.List|<String> getLoggerNames()

Returns the list of the currently registered logger(|java.util.logging.Logger|) 
names. This method calls (|java.util.logging.LogManager|) and returns a list of 
the logger names. 



    Returns: A list of {@code String} each of which is a currently registered {@code Logger} 
             name. 

*java.lang.management.PlatformLoggingMXBean.getParentLoggerName(String)*

public |java.lang.String| getParentLoggerName(java.lang.String loggerName)

Returns the name of the parent(|java.util.logging.Logger|) for the specified 
logger. If the specified logger does not exist,nullis returned. If the 
specified logger is the rootLoggerin the namespace, the result will be an empty 
string. 


    loggerName - The name of a {@code Logger}. 

    Returns: the name of the nearest existing parent logger; an empty string if the 
             specified logger is the root logger. If the specified logger does 
             not exist, {@code null} is returned. 

*java.lang.management.PlatformLoggingMXBean.setLoggerLevel(String,String)*

public void setLoggerLevel(
  java.lang.String loggerName,
  java.lang.String levelName)

Sets the specified logger to the specified new 
level(|java.util.logging.Logger|) . If thelevelNameis notnull, the level of the 
specified logger is set to the parsed Level(|java.util.logging.Level|) matching 
thelevelName. If thelevelNameisnull, the level of the specified logger is set 
tonulland the effective level of the logger is inherited from its nearest 
ancestor with a specific (non-null) level value. 


    loggerName - The name of the {@code Logger} to be set. Must be non-null. 
    levelName - The name of the level to set on the specified logger, or {@code null} if 
       setting the level to inherit from its nearest ancestor. 


