*java.util.spi.LocaleServiceProvider* *LocaleServiceProvider* 
 This is the supe

public abstract class LocaleServiceProvider
  extends    |java.lang.Object|

|java.util.spi.LocaleServiceProvider_Description|
|java.util.spi.LocaleServiceProvider_Fields|
|java.util.spi.LocaleServiceProvider_Constructors|
|java.util.spi.LocaleServiceProvider_Methods|

================================================================================

*java.util.spi.LocaleServiceProvider_Constructors*
|java.util.spi.LocaleServiceProvider()|Sole constructor.

*java.util.spi.LocaleServiceProvider_Methods*
|java.util.spi.LocaleServiceProvider.getAvailableLocales()|Returns an array of 

*java.util.spi.LocaleServiceProvider_Description*

This is the super class of all the locale sensitive service provider interfaces 
(SPIs). 

Locale sensitive service provider interfaces are interfaces that correspond to 
locale sensitive classes in the java.text and java.util packages. The 
interfaces enable the construction of locale sensitive objects and the 
retrieval of localized names for these packages. Locale sensitive factory 
methods and methods for name retrieval in the java.text and java.util packages 
use implementations of the provider interfaces to offer support for locales 
beyond the set of locales supported by the Java runtime environment itself. 

Packaging of Locale Sensitive Service Provider Implementations Implementations 
of these locale sensitive services are packaged using the Java Extension 
Mechanism as installed extensions. A provider identifies itself with a 
provider-configuration file in the resource directory META-INF/services, using 
the fully qualified provider interface class name as the file name. The file 
should contain a list of fully-qualified concrete provider class names, one per 
line. A line is terminated by any one of a line feed ('\n'), a carriage return 
('\r'), or a carriage return followed immediately by a line feed. Space and tab 
characters surrounding each name, as well as blank lines, are ignored. The 
comment character is '#' ('#'); on each line all characters following the first 
comment character are ignored. The file must be encoded in UTF-8. 

If a particular concrete provider class is named in more than one configuration 
file, or is named in the same configuration file more than once, then the 
duplicates will be ignored. The configuration file naming a particular provider 
need not be in the same jar file or other distribution unit as the provider 
itself. The provider must be accessible from the same class loader that was 
initially queried to locate the configuration file; this is not necessarily the 
class loader that loaded the file. 

For example, an implementation of the 
DateFormatProvider(|java.text.spi.DateFormatProvider|) class should take the 
form of a jar file which contains the file: 

META-INF/services/java.text.spi.DateFormatProvider 

And the file java.text.spi.DateFormatProvider should have a line such as: 

com.foo.DateFormatProviderImpl 

which is the fully qualified class name of the class implementing 
DateFormatProvider. Invocation of Locale Sensitive Services 

Locale sensitive factory methods and methods for name retrieval in the 
java.text and java.util packages invoke service provider methods when needed to 
support the requested locale. The methods first check whether the Java runtime 
environment itself supports the requested locale, and use its support if 
available. Otherwise, they call the getAvailableLocales() methods of installed 
providers for the appropriate interface to find one that supports the requested 
locale. If such a provider is found, its other methods are called to obtain the 
requested object or name. When checking whether a locale is supported, the 
locale's extensions are ignored. If neither the Java runtime environment itself 
nor an installed provider supports the requested locale, the methods go through 
a list of candidate locales and repeat the availability check for each until a 
match is found. The algorithm used for creating a list of candidate locales is 
same as the one used by ResourceBunlde by default (see 
getCandidateLocales(|java.util.ResourceBundle.Control|) for the details). Even 
if a locale is resolved from the candidate list, methods that return requested 
objects or names are invoked with the original requested locale including 
extensions. The Java runtime environment must support the root locale for all 
locale sensitive services in order to guarantee that this process terminates. 

Providers of names (but not providers of other objects) are allowed to return 
null for some name requests even for locales that they claim to support by 
including them in their return value for getAvailableLocales. Similarly, the 
Java runtime environment itself may not have all names for all locales that it 
supports. This is because the sets of objects for which names are requested can 
be large and vary over time, so that it's not always feasible to cover them 
completely. If the Java runtime environment or a provider returns null instead 
of a name, the lookup will proceed as described above as if the locale was not 
supported. 



*java.util.spi.LocaleServiceProvider()*

protected LocaleServiceProvider()

Sole constructor. (For invocation by subclass constructors, typically 
implicit.) 


*java.util.spi.LocaleServiceProvider.getAvailableLocales()*

public abstract |java.util.Locale|[] getAvailableLocales()

Returns an array of all locales for which this locale service provider can 
provide localized objects or names. 

Note: Extensions in a Locale are ignored during service provider lookup. So the 
array returned by this method should not include two or more Locale objects 
only differing in their extensions. 



    Returns: An array of all locales for which this locale service provider can provide 
             localized objects or names. 


