*javax.crypto.spec.RC5ParameterSpec* *RC5ParameterSpec* This class specifies the

public class RC5ParameterSpec
  extends    |java.lang.Object|
  implements |java.security.spec.AlgorithmParameterSpec|

|javax.crypto.spec.RC5ParameterSpec_Description|
|javax.crypto.spec.RC5ParameterSpec_Fields|
|javax.crypto.spec.RC5ParameterSpec_Constructors|
|javax.crypto.spec.RC5ParameterSpec_Methods|

================================================================================

*javax.crypto.spec.RC5ParameterSpec_Constructors*
|javax.crypto.spec.RC5ParameterSpec(int,int,int)|Constructs a parameter set for
|javax.crypto.spec.RC5ParameterSpec(int,int,int,byte[])|Constructs a parameter 
|javax.crypto.spec.RC5ParameterSpec(int,int,int,byte[],int)|Constructs a parame

*javax.crypto.spec.RC5ParameterSpec_Methods*
|javax.crypto.spec.RC5ParameterSpec.equals(Object)|Tests for equality between t
|javax.crypto.spec.RC5ParameterSpec.getIV()|Returns the IV or null if this para
|javax.crypto.spec.RC5ParameterSpec.getRounds()|Returns the number of rounds.
|javax.crypto.spec.RC5ParameterSpec.getVersion()|Returns the version.
|javax.crypto.spec.RC5ParameterSpec.getWordSize()|Returns the word size in bits
|javax.crypto.spec.RC5ParameterSpec.hashCode()|Calculates a hash code value for

*javax.crypto.spec.RC5ParameterSpec_Description*

This class specifies the parameters used with the RC5 algorithm. 

The parameters consist of a version number, a rounds count, a word size, and 
optionally an initialization vector (IV) (only in feedback mode). 

This class can be used to initialize a Cipher object that implements the RC5 
algorithm as supplied by RSA Security Inc., or any parties authorized by RSA 
Security. 



*javax.crypto.spec.RC5ParameterSpec(int,int,int)*

public RC5ParameterSpec(
  int version,
  int rounds,
  int wordSize)

Constructs a parameter set for RC5 from the given version, number of rounds and 
word size (in bits). 

    version - the version. 
    rounds - the number of rounds. 
    wordSize - the word size in bits. 

*javax.crypto.spec.RC5ParameterSpec(int,int,int,byte[])*

public RC5ParameterSpec(
  int version,
  int rounds,
  int wordSize,
  byte[] iv)

Constructs a parameter set for RC5 from the given version, number of rounds, 
word size (in bits), and IV. 

Note that the size of the IV (block size) must be twice the word size. The 
bytes that constitute the IV are those between iv[0] and iv[2*(wordSize/8)-1] 
inclusive. 

    version - the version. 
    rounds - the number of rounds. 
    wordSize - the word size in bits. 
    iv - the buffer with the IV. The first 2*(wordSize/8) bytes of the buffer are copied 
       to protect against subsequent modification. 

*javax.crypto.spec.RC5ParameterSpec(int,int,int,byte[],int)*

public RC5ParameterSpec(
  int version,
  int rounds,
  int wordSize,
  byte[] iv,
  int offset)

Constructs a parameter set for RC5 from the given version, number of rounds, 
word size (in bits), and IV. 

The IV is taken from iv, starting at offset inclusive. Note that the size of 
the IV (block size), starting at offset inclusive, must be twice the word size. 
The bytes that constitute the IV are those between iv[offset] and 
iv[offset+2*(wordSize/8)-1] inclusive. 

    version - the version. 
    rounds - the number of rounds. 
    wordSize - the word size in bits. 
    iv - the buffer with the IV. The first 2*(wordSize/8) bytes of the buffer beginning 
       at offset inclusive are copied to protect against subsequent 
       modification. 
    offset - the offset in iv where the IV starts. 

*javax.crypto.spec.RC5ParameterSpec.equals(Object)*

public boolean equals(java.lang.Object obj)

Tests for equality between the specified object and this object. Two 
RC5ParameterSpec objects are considered equal if their version numbers, number 
of rounds, word sizes, and IVs are equal. (Two IV references are considered 
equal if both are null.) 


    obj - the object to test for equality with this object. 

    Returns: true if the objects are considered equal, false if obj is null or otherwise. 

*javax.crypto.spec.RC5ParameterSpec.getIV()*

public byte[] getIV()

Returns the IV or null if this parameter set does not contain an IV. 



    Returns: the IV or null if this parameter set does not contain an IV. Returns a new 
             array each time this method is called. 

*javax.crypto.spec.RC5ParameterSpec.getRounds()*

public int getRounds()

Returns the number of rounds. 



    Returns: the number of rounds. 

*javax.crypto.spec.RC5ParameterSpec.getVersion()*

public int getVersion()

Returns the version. 



    Returns: 

*javax.crypto.spec.RC5ParameterSpec.getWordSize()*

public int getWordSize()

Returns the word size in bits. 



    Returns: the word size in bits. 

*javax.crypto.spec.RC5ParameterSpec.hashCode()*

public int hashCode()

Calculates a hash code value for the object. Objects that are equal will also 
have the same hashcode. 




