*java.lang.Exception* *Exception* The classExceptionand its subclasses are a for

public class Exception
  extends    |java.lang.Throwable|

|java.lang.Exception_Description|
|java.lang.Exception_Fields|
|java.lang.Exception_Constructors|
|java.lang.Exception_Methods|

================================================================================

*java.lang.Exception_Constructors*
|java.lang.Exception()|Constructs a new exception withnullas its detail message
|java.lang.Exception(String)|Constructs a new exception with the specified deta
|java.lang.Exception(String,Throwable)|Constructs a new exception with the spec
|java.lang.Exception(String,Throwable,boolean,boolean)|Constructs a new excepti
|java.lang.Exception(Throwable)|Constructs a new exception with the specified c

*java.lang.Exception_Description*

The classExceptionand its subclasses are a form ofThrowablethat indicates 
conditions that a reasonable application might want to catch. 

The classExceptionand any subclasses that are not also subclasses of 
(|java.lang.RuntimeException|) are checked exceptions. Checked exceptions need 
to be declared in a method or constructor'sthrowsclause if they can be thrown 
by the execution of the method or constructor and propagate outside the method 
or constructor boundary. 



*java.lang.Exception()*

public Exception()

Constructs a new exception withnullas its detail message. The cause is not 
initialized, and may subsequently be initialized by a call to 
(|java.lang.Exception|) . 


*java.lang.Exception(String)*

public Exception(java.lang.String message)

Constructs a new exception with the specified detail message. The cause is not 
initialized, and may subsequently be initialized by a call to 
(|java.lang.Exception|) . 

    message - the detail message. The detail message is saved for later retrieval by the 
       {@link #getMessage()} method. 

*java.lang.Exception(String,Throwable)*

public Exception(
  java.lang.String message,
  java.lang.Throwable cause)

Constructs a new exception with the specified detail message and cause. Note 
that the detail message associated withcauseis not automatically incorporated 
in this exception's detail message. 

    message - the detail message (which is saved for later retrieval by the {@link 
       #getMessage()} method). 
    cause - the cause (which is saved for later retrieval by the {@link #getCause()} 
       method). (A null value is permitted, and indicates that the cause is 
       nonexistent or unknown.) 

*java.lang.Exception(String,Throwable,boolean,boolean)*

protected Exception(
  java.lang.String message,
  java.lang.Throwable cause,
  boolean enableSuppression,
  boolean writableStackTrace)

Constructs a new exception with the specified detail message, cause, 
suppression enabled or disabled, and writable stack trace enabled or disabled. 

    message - the detail message. 
    cause - the cause. (A {@code null} value is permitted, and indicates that the cause is 
       nonexistent or unknown.) 
    enableSuppression - whether or not suppression is enabled or disabled 
    writableStackTrace - whether or not the stack trace should be writable 

*java.lang.Exception(Throwable)*

public Exception(java.lang.Throwable cause)

Constructs a new exception with the specified cause and a detail message of 
(cause==null ? null : cause.toString()) (which typically contains the class and 
detail message of cause). This constructor is useful for exceptions that are 
little more than wrappers for other throwables (for example, 
(|java.security.PrivilegedActionException|) ). 

    cause - the cause (which is saved for later retrieval by the {@link #getCause()} 
       method). (A null value is permitted, and indicates that the cause is 
       nonexistent or unknown.) 

