*java.nio.file.attribute.AclEntry* *AclEntry* An entry in an access control list

public final class AclEntry
  extends    |java.lang.Object|

|java.nio.file.attribute.AclEntry_Description|
|java.nio.file.attribute.AclEntry_Fields|
|java.nio.file.attribute.AclEntry_Constructors|
|java.nio.file.attribute.AclEntry_Methods|

================================================================================

*java.nio.file.attribute.AclEntry_Methods*
|java.nio.file.attribute.AclEntry.equals(Object)|Compares the specified object 
|java.nio.file.attribute.AclEntry.flags()|Returns a copy of the flags component
|java.nio.file.attribute.AclEntry.hashCode()|Returns the hash-code value for th
|java.nio.file.attribute.AclEntry.newBuilder()|Constructs a new builder.
|java.nio.file.attribute.AclEntry.newBuilder(AclEntry)|Constructs a new builder
|java.nio.file.attribute.AclEntry.permissions()|Returns a copy of the permissio
|java.nio.file.attribute.AclEntry.principal()|Returns the principal component.
|java.nio.file.attribute.AclEntry.toString()|Returns the string representation 
|java.nio.file.attribute.AclEntry.type()|Returns the ACL entry type.

*java.nio.file.attribute.AclEntry_Description*

An entry in an access control list (ACL). 

The ACL entry represented by this class is based on the ACL model specified in 
RFC3530: Network File System (NFS) version 4 Protocol. Each entry has four 
components as follows: 

The type(|java.nio.file.attribute.AclEntry|) component determines if the entry 
grants or denies access. 

The principal(|java.nio.file.attribute.AclEntry|) component, sometimes called 
the "who" component, is a (|java.nio.file.attribute.UserPrincipal|) 
corresponding to the identity that the entry grants or denies access 

The permissions(|java.nio.file.attribute.AclEntry|) component is a set of 
permissions(|java.nio.file.attribute.AclEntryPermission|) 

The flags(|java.nio.file.attribute.AclEntry|) component is a set of 
flags(|java.nio.file.attribute.AclEntryFlag|) to indicate how entries are 
inherited and propagated 

ACL entries are created using an associated 
(|java.nio.file.attribute.AclEntry.Builder|) object by invoking its 
build(|java.nio.file.attribute.AclEntry.Builder|) method. 

ACL entries are immutable and are safe for use by multiple concurrent threads. 



*java.nio.file.attribute.AclEntry.equals(Object)*

public boolean equals(java.lang.Object ob)

Compares the specified object with this ACL entry for equality. 

If the given object is not anAclEntrythen this method immediately returnsfalse. 

For two ACL entries to be considered equals requires that they are both the 
same type, their who components are equal, their permissions components are 
equal, and their flags components are equal. 

This method satisfies the general contract of the 
Object.equals(|java.lang.Object|) method. 


    ob - the object to which this object is to be compared 

    Returns: {@code true} if, and only if, the given object is an AclEntry that is identical 
             to this AclEntry 

*java.nio.file.attribute.AclEntry.flags()*

public |java.util.Set|<AclEntryFlag> flags()

Returns a copy of the flags component. 

The returned set is a modifiable copy of the flags. 



*java.nio.file.attribute.AclEntry.hashCode()*

public int hashCode()

Returns the hash-code value for this ACL entry. 

This method satisfies the general contract of the (|java.lang.Object|) method. 



*java.nio.file.attribute.AclEntry.newBuilder()*

public static |java.nio.file.attribute.AclEntry.Builder| newBuilder()

Constructs a new builder. The initial value of the type and who components 
isnull. The initial value of the permissions and flags components is the empty 
set. 



    Returns: a new builder 

*java.nio.file.attribute.AclEntry.newBuilder(AclEntry)*

public static |java.nio.file.attribute.AclEntry.Builder| newBuilder(java.nio.file.attribute.AclEntry entry)

Constructs a new builder with the components of an existing ACL entry. 


    entry - an ACL entry 

    Returns: a new builder 

*java.nio.file.attribute.AclEntry.permissions()*

public |java.util.Set|<AclEntryPermission> permissions()

Returns a copy of the permissions component. 

The returned set is a modifiable copy of the permissions. 



*java.nio.file.attribute.AclEntry.principal()*

public |java.nio.file.attribute.UserPrincipal| principal()

Returns the principal component. 



*java.nio.file.attribute.AclEntry.toString()*

public |java.lang.String| toString()

Returns the string representation of this ACL entry. 



    Returns: the string representation of this entry 

*java.nio.file.attribute.AclEntry.type()*

public |java.nio.file.attribute.AclEntryType| type()

Returns the ACL entry type. 




