*java.util.zip.ZipFile* *ZipFile* This class is used to read entries from a zip 

public class ZipFile
  extends    |java.lang.Object|
  implements |java.util.zip.ZipConstants|
             |java.io.Closeable|

|java.util.zip.ZipFile_Description|
|java.util.zip.ZipFile_Fields|
|java.util.zip.ZipFile_Constructors|
|java.util.zip.ZipFile_Methods|

================================================================================

*java.util.zip.ZipFile_Fields*
|int_java.util.zip.ZipFile.OPEN_DELETE|
|int_java.util.zip.ZipFile.OPEN_READ|

*java.util.zip.ZipFile_Constructors*
|java.util.zip.ZipFile(File)|Opens a ZIP file for reading given the specified F
|java.util.zip.ZipFile(File,Charset)|Opens a ZIP file for reading given the spe
|java.util.zip.ZipFile(File,int)|Opens a new ZipFile to read from the specified
|java.util.zip.ZipFile(File,int,Charset)|Opens a new ZipFile to read from the s
|java.util.zip.ZipFile(String)|Opens a zip file for reading.
|java.util.zip.ZipFile(String,Charset)|Opens a zip file for reading.

*java.util.zip.ZipFile_Methods*
|java.util.zip.ZipFile.close()|Closes the ZIP file.
|java.util.zip.ZipFile.entries()|Returns an enumeration of the ZIP file entries
|java.util.zip.ZipFile.finalize()|Ensures that the system resources held by thi
|java.util.zip.ZipFile.getComment()|Returns the zip file comment, or null if no
|java.util.zip.ZipFile.getEntry(String)|Returns the zip file entry for the spec
|java.util.zip.ZipFile.getInputStream(ZipEntry)|Returns an input stream for rea
|java.util.zip.ZipFile.getName()|Returns the path name of the ZIP file.
|java.util.zip.ZipFile.size()|Returns the number of entries in the ZIP file.

*java.util.zip.ZipFile_Description*

This class is used to read entries from a zip file. 

Unless otherwise noted, passing a null argument to a constructor or method in 
this class will cause a (|java.lang.NullPointerException|) to be thrown. 



*int_java.util.zip.ZipFile.OPEN_DELETE*

Mode flag to open a zip file and mark it for deletion. The file will be deleted 
some time between the moment that it is opened and the moment that it is 
closed, but its contents will remain accessible via the ZipFile object until 
either the close method is invoked or the virtual machine exits. 


*int_java.util.zip.ZipFile.OPEN_READ*

Mode flag to open a zip file for reading. 



*java.util.zip.ZipFile(File)*

public ZipFile(java.io.File file)
  throws |java.io.IOException|
         |java.util.zip.ZipException|
         
Opens a ZIP file for reading given the specified File object. 

The UTF-8 charset(|java.nio.charset.Charset|) is used to decode the entry names 
and comments. 

    file - the ZIP file to be opened for reading 

*java.util.zip.ZipFile(File,Charset)*

public ZipFile(
  java.io.File file,
  java.nio.charset.Charset charset)
  throws |java.io.IOException|
         
Opens a ZIP file for reading given the specified File object. 

    file - the ZIP file to be opened for reading 
    charset - The {@linkplain java.nio.charset.Charset charset} to be used to decode the ZIP 
       entry name and comment (ignored if the language encoding bit of the ZIP 
       entry's general purpose bit flag is set). 

*java.util.zip.ZipFile(File,int)*

public ZipFile(
  java.io.File file,
  int mode)
  throws |java.io.IOException|
         
Opens a new ZipFile to read from the specified File object in the specified 
mode. The mode argument must be either OPEN_READ or OPEN_READ | OPEN_DELETE. 

First, if there is a security manager, its checkRead method is called with the 
name argument as its argument to ensure the read is allowed. 

The UTF-8 charset(|java.nio.charset.Charset|) is used to decode the entry names 
and comments 

    file - the ZIP file to be opened for reading 
    mode - the mode in which the file is to be opened 

*java.util.zip.ZipFile(File,int,Charset)*

public ZipFile(
  java.io.File file,
  int mode,
  java.nio.charset.Charset charset)
  throws |java.io.IOException|
         
Opens a new ZipFile to read from the specified File object in the specified 
mode. The mode argument must be either OPEN_READ or OPEN_READ | OPEN_DELETE. 

First, if there is a security manager, its checkRead method is called with the 
name argument as its argument to ensure the read is allowed. 

    file - the ZIP file to be opened for reading 
    mode - the mode in which the file is to be opened 
    charset - the {@linkplain java.nio.charset.Charset charset} to be used to decode the ZIP 
       entry name and comment that are not encoded by using UTF-8 encoding 
       (indicated by entry's general purpose flag). 

*java.util.zip.ZipFile(String)*

public ZipFile(java.lang.String name)
  throws |java.io.IOException|
         
Opens a zip file for reading. 

First, if there is a security manager, its checkRead method is called with the 
name argument as its argument to ensure the read is allowed. 

The UTF-8 charset(|java.nio.charset.Charset|) is used to decode the entry names 
and comments. 

    name - the name of the zip file 

*java.util.zip.ZipFile(String,Charset)*

public ZipFile(
  java.lang.String name,
  java.nio.charset.Charset charset)
  throws |java.io.IOException|
         
Opens a zip file for reading. 

First, if there is a security manager, its checkRead method is called with the 
name argument as its argument to ensure the read is allowed. 

    name - the name of the zip file 
    charset - the {@linkplain java.nio.charset.Charset charset} to be used to decode the ZIP 
       entry name and comment that are not encoded by using UTF-8 encoding 
       (indicated by entry's general purpose flag). 

*java.util.zip.ZipFile.close()*

public void close()
  throws |java.io.IOException|
         
Closes the ZIP file. Closing this ZIP file will close all of the input streams 
previously returned by invocations of the 
getInputStream(|java.util.zip.ZipFile|) method. 



*java.util.zip.ZipFile.entries()*

public |java.util.Enumeration|<? extends java.util.zip.ZipEntry> entries()

Returns an enumeration of the ZIP file entries. 



    Returns: an enumeration of the ZIP file entries 

*java.util.zip.ZipFile.finalize()*

protected void finalize()
  throws |java.io.IOException|
         
Ensures that the system resources held by this ZipFile object are released when 
there are no more references to it. 

Since the time when GC would invoke this method is undetermined, it is strongly 
recommended that applications invoke the close method as soon they have 
finished accessing this ZipFile. This will prevent holding up system resources 
for an undetermined length of time. 



*java.util.zip.ZipFile.getComment()*

public |java.lang.String| getComment()

Returns the zip file comment, or null if none. 



    Returns: the comment string for the zip file, or null if none 

*java.util.zip.ZipFile.getEntry(String)*

public |java.util.zip.ZipEntry| getEntry(java.lang.String name)

Returns the zip file entry for the specified name, or null if not found. 


    name - the name of the entry 

    Returns: the zip file entry, or null if not found 

*java.util.zip.ZipFile.getInputStream(ZipEntry)*

public |java.io.InputStream| getInputStream(java.util.zip.ZipEntry entry)
  throws |java.io.IOException|
         
Returns an input stream for reading the contents of the specified zip file 
entry. 

Closing this ZIP file will, in turn, close all input streams that have been 
returned by invocations of this method. 


    entry - the zip file entry 

    Returns: the input stream for reading the contents of the specified zip file entry. 

*java.util.zip.ZipFile.getName()*

public |java.lang.String| getName()

Returns the path name of the ZIP file. 



    Returns: the path name of the ZIP file 

*java.util.zip.ZipFile.size()*

public int size()

Returns the number of entries in the ZIP file. 



    Returns: the number of entries in the ZIP file 


