*java.lang.management.BufferPoolMXBean* *BufferPoolMXBean* The management interf

public interface interface BufferPoolMXBean

  implements |java.lang.management.PlatformManagedObject|

|java.lang.management.BufferPoolMXBean_Description|
|java.lang.management.BufferPoolMXBean_Fields|
|java.lang.management.BufferPoolMXBean_Constructors|
|java.lang.management.BufferPoolMXBean_Methods|

================================================================================

*java.lang.management.BufferPoolMXBean_Methods*
|java.lang.management.BufferPoolMXBean.getCount()|Returns an estimate of the nu
|java.lang.management.BufferPoolMXBean.getMemoryUsed()|Returns an estimate of t
|java.lang.management.BufferPoolMXBean.getName()|Returns the name representing 
|java.lang.management.BufferPoolMXBean.getTotalCapacity()|Returns an estimate o

*java.lang.management.BufferPoolMXBean_Description*

The management interface for a buffer pool, for example a pool of 
direct(|java.nio.ByteBuffer|) or mapped(|java.nio.MappedByteBuffer|) buffers. 

A class implementing this interface is an (|javax.management.MXBean|) . A Java 
virtual machine has one or more implementations of this interface. The 
getPlatformMXBeans(|java.lang.management.ManagementFactory|) method can be used 
to obtain the list ofBufferPoolMXBeanobjects representing the management 
interfaces for pools of buffers as follows: 

List<BufferPoolMXBean> pools = 
ManagementFactory.getPlatformMXBeans(BufferPoolMXBean.class); 

The management interfaces are also registered with the platform 
MBeanServer(|javax.management.MBeanServer|) . The 
ObjectName(|javax.management.ObjectName|) that uniquely identifies the 
management interface within theMBeanServertakes the form: 

java.nio:type=BufferPool,name=pool name 

where pool name is the name(|java.lang.management.BufferPoolMXBean|) of the 
buffer pool. 



*java.lang.management.BufferPoolMXBean.getCount()*

public long getCount()

Returns an estimate of the number of buffers in the pool. 



    Returns: An estimate of the number of buffers in this pool 

*java.lang.management.BufferPoolMXBean.getMemoryUsed()*

public long getMemoryUsed()

Returns an estimate of the memory that the Java virtual machine is using for 
this buffer pool. The value returned by this method may differ from the 
estimate of the total capacity(|java.lang.management.BufferPoolMXBean|) of the 
buffers in this pool. This difference is explained by alignment, memory 
allocator, and other implementation specific reasons. 



    Returns: An estimate of the memory that the Java virtual machine is using for this 
             buffer pool in bytes, or {@code -1L} if an estimate of the memory 
             usage is not available 

*java.lang.management.BufferPoolMXBean.getName()*

public |java.lang.String| getName()

Returns the name representing this buffer pool. 



    Returns: The name of this buffer pool. 

*java.lang.management.BufferPoolMXBean.getTotalCapacity()*

public long getTotalCapacity()

Returns an estimate of the total capacity of the buffers in this pool. A 
buffer's capacity is the number of elements it contains and the value returned 
by this method is an estimate of the total capacity of buffers in the pool in 
bytes. 



    Returns: An estimate of the total capacity of the buffers in this pool in bytes 


