*android.nfc.tech.NfcF* *NfcF* Provides access to NFC-F (JIS 6319-4) properties 

public final class NfcF
  extends    |android.nfc.tech.BasicTagTechnology|

|android.nfc.tech.NfcF_Description|
|android.nfc.tech.NfcF_Fields|
|android.nfc.tech.NfcF_Constructors|
|android.nfc.tech.NfcF_Methods|

================================================================================

*android.nfc.tech.NfcF_Fields*
|java.lang.String_android.nfc.tech.NfcF.EXTRA_PMM|
|java.lang.String_android.nfc.tech.NfcF.EXTRA_SC|

*android.nfc.tech.NfcF_Constructors*
|android.nfc.tech.NfcF(Tag)|

*android.nfc.tech.NfcF_Methods*
|android.nfc.tech.NfcF.get(Tag)|Get an instance ofNfcFfor the given tag.
|android.nfc.tech.NfcF.getManufacturer()|Return the Manufacturer bytes from tag
|android.nfc.tech.NfcF.getMaxTransceiveLength()|Return the maximum number of by
|android.nfc.tech.NfcF.getSystemCode()|Return the System Code bytes from tag di
|android.nfc.tech.NfcF.getTimeout()|Get the current#transceivetimeout in millis
|android.nfc.tech.NfcF.setTimeout(int)|Set the#transceivetimeout in millisecond
|android.nfc.tech.NfcF.transceive(byte[])|Send raw NFC-F commands to the tag an

*android.nfc.tech.NfcF_Description*

Provides access to NFC-F (JIS 6319-4) properties and I/O operations on a 
(|android.nfc.Tag|) . 

Acquire a (|android.nfc.tech.NfcF|) object using (|android.nfc.tech.NfcF|) . 
The primary NFC-F I/O operation is (|android.nfc.tech.NfcF|) . Applications 
must implement their own protocol stack on top of (|android.nfc.tech.NfcF|) . 

Note: Methods that perform I/O operations require the 
(|android.Manifest.permission|) permission. 



*java.lang.String_android.nfc.tech.NfcF.EXTRA_PMM*




*java.lang.String_android.nfc.tech.NfcF.EXTRA_SC*





*android.nfc.tech.NfcF(Tag)*

public NfcF(android.nfc.Tag tag)
  throws |android.os.RemoteException|
         



*android.nfc.tech.NfcF.get(Tag)*

public static |android.nfc.tech.NfcF| get(android.nfc.Tag tag)

Get an instance of (|android.nfc.tech.NfcF|) for the given tag. Returns null if 
(|android.nfc.tech.NfcF|) was not enumerated in (|android.nfc.Tag|) . This 
indicates the tag does not support NFC-F. Does not cause any RF activity and 
does not block. 


    tag - an NFC-F compatible tag 

    Returns: 

*android.nfc.tech.NfcF.getManufacturer()*

public byte[] getManufacturer()

Return the Manufacturer bytes from tag discovery. 

Does not cause any RF activity and does not block. 



    Returns: Manufacturer bytes 

*android.nfc.tech.NfcF.getMaxTransceiveLength()*

public int getMaxTransceiveLength()

Return the maximum number of bytes that can be sent with 
(|android.nfc.tech.NfcF|) . 



    Returns: the maximum number of bytes that can be sent with {@link #transceive}. 

*android.nfc.tech.NfcF.getSystemCode()*

public byte[] getSystemCode()

Return the System Code bytes from tag discovery. 

Does not cause any RF activity and does not block. 



    Returns: System Code bytes 

*android.nfc.tech.NfcF.getTimeout()*

public int getTimeout()

Get the current (|android.nfc.tech.NfcF|) timeout in milliseconds. 

Requires the (|android.Manifest.permission|) permission. 



    Returns: timeout value in milliseconds 

*android.nfc.tech.NfcF.setTimeout(int)*

public void setTimeout(int timeout)

Set the (|android.nfc.tech.NfcF|) timeout in milliseconds. 

The timeout only applies to (|android.nfc.tech.NfcF|) on this object, and is 
reset to a default value when (|android.nfc.tech.NfcF|) is called. 

Setting a longer timeout may be useful when performing transactions that 
require a long processing time on the tag such as key generation. 

Requires the (|android.Manifest.permission|) permission. 


    timeout - timeout value in milliseconds 

*android.nfc.tech.NfcF.transceive(byte[])*

public byte[] transceive(byte[] data)
  throws |java.io.IOException|
         
Send raw NFC-F commands to the tag and receive the response. 

Applications must not append the SoD (length) or EoD (CRC) to the payload, it 
will be automatically calculated. 

Use (|android.nfc.tech.NfcF|) to retrieve the maximum amount of bytes that can 
be sent with (|android.nfc.tech.NfcF|) . 

This is an I/O operation and will block until complete. It must not be called 
from the main application thread. A blocked call will be canceled with 
(|java.io.IOException|) if (|android.nfc.tech.NfcF|) is called from another 
thread. 

Requires the (|android.Manifest.permission|) permission. 


    data - bytes to send 

    Returns: bytes received in response 


