*android.appwidget.AppWidgetHost* *AppWidgetHost* AppWidgetHost provides the int

public class AppWidgetHost
  extends    |java.lang.Object|

|android.appwidget.AppWidgetHost_Description|
|android.appwidget.AppWidgetHost_Fields|
|android.appwidget.AppWidgetHost_Constructors|
|android.appwidget.AppWidgetHost_Methods|

================================================================================

*android.appwidget.AppWidgetHost_Constructors*
|android.appwidget.AppWidgetHost(Context,int)|
|android.appwidget.AppWidgetHost(Context,int,RemoteViews.OnClickHandler,Looper)|

*android.appwidget.AppWidgetHost_Methods*
|android.appwidget.AppWidgetHost.allocateAppWidgetId()|Get a appWidgetId for a 
|android.appwidget.AppWidgetHost.allocateAppWidgetIdForPackage(int,int,String)|
|android.appwidget.AppWidgetHost.clearViews()|Clear the list of Views that have
|android.appwidget.AppWidgetHost.createView(Context,int,AppWidgetProviderInfo)|
|android.appwidget.AppWidgetHost.deleteAllHosts()|Remove all records about all 
|android.appwidget.AppWidgetHost.deleteAllHosts(int)|Private method containing 
|android.appwidget.AppWidgetHost.deleteAppWidgetId(int)|Stop listening to chang
|android.appwidget.AppWidgetHost.deleteAppWidgetIdForSystem(int,int)|Stop liste
|android.appwidget.AppWidgetHost.deleteHost()|Remove all records about this hos
|android.appwidget.AppWidgetHost.getAppWidgetIds()|Gets a list of all the appWi
|android.appwidget.AppWidgetHost.onCreateView(Context,int,AppWidgetProviderInfo)|
|android.appwidget.AppWidgetHost.onProviderChanged(int,AppWidgetProviderInfo)|C
|android.appwidget.AppWidgetHost.onProvidersChanged()|Called when the set of av
|android.appwidget.AppWidgetHost.startListening()|Start receiving onAppWidgetCh
|android.appwidget.AppWidgetHost.stopListening()|Stop receiving onAppWidgetChan

*android.appwidget.AppWidgetHost_Description*

AppWidgetHost provides the interaction with the AppWidget service for apps, 
like the home screen, that want to embed AppWidgets in their UI. 



*android.appwidget.AppWidgetHost(Context,int)*

public AppWidgetHost(
  android.content.Context context,
  int hostId)




*android.appwidget.AppWidgetHost(Context,int,RemoteViews.OnClickHandler,Looper)*

public AppWidgetHost(
  android.content.Context context,
  int hostId,
  android.widget.RemoteViews.OnClickHandler handler,
  android.os.Looper looper)




*android.appwidget.AppWidgetHost.allocateAppWidgetId()*

public int allocateAppWidgetId()

Get a appWidgetId for a host in the calling process. 



    Returns: a appWidgetId 

*android.appwidget.AppWidgetHost.allocateAppWidgetIdForPackage(int,int,String)*

public static int allocateAppWidgetIdForPackage(
  int hostId,
  int userId,
  java.lang.String packageName)

Get a appWidgetId for a host in the given package. 



    Returns: a appWidgetId 

*android.appwidget.AppWidgetHost.clearViews()*

protected void clearViews()

Clear the list of Views that have been created by this AppWidgetHost. 



*android.appwidget.AppWidgetHost.createView(Context,int,AppWidgetProviderInfo)*

public final |android.appwidget.AppWidgetHostView| createView(
  android.content.Context context,
  int appWidgetId,
  android.appwidget.AppWidgetProviderInfo appWidget)

Create the AppWidgetHostView for the given widget. The AppWidgetHost retains a 
pointer to the newly-created View. 



*android.appwidget.AppWidgetHost.deleteAllHosts()*

public static void deleteAllHosts()

Remove all records about all hosts for your package. 

Call this when initializing your database, as it might be because of a data 
wipe. Call this to have the AppWidget manager release all resources associated 
with your host. Any future calls about this host will cause the records to be 
re-allocated. 



*android.appwidget.AppWidgetHost.deleteAllHosts(int)*

public static void deleteAllHosts(int userId)

Private method containing a userId 



*android.appwidget.AppWidgetHost.deleteAppWidgetId(int)*

public void deleteAppWidgetId(int appWidgetId)

Stop listening to changes for this AppWidget. 



*android.appwidget.AppWidgetHost.deleteAppWidgetIdForSystem(int,int)*

public static void deleteAppWidgetIdForSystem(
  int appWidgetId,
  int userId)

Stop listening to changes for this AppWidget. 



*android.appwidget.AppWidgetHost.deleteHost()*

public void deleteHost()

Remove all records about this host from the AppWidget manager. 

Call this when initializing your database, as it might be because of a data 
wipe. Call this to have the AppWidget manager release all resources associated 
with your host. Any future calls about this host will cause the records to be 
re-allocated. 



*android.appwidget.AppWidgetHost.getAppWidgetIds()*

public int[] getAppWidgetIds()

Gets a list of all the appWidgetIds that are bound to the current host 



*android.appwidget.AppWidgetHost.onCreateView(Context,int,AppWidgetProviderInfo)*

protected |android.appwidget.AppWidgetHostView| onCreateView(
  android.content.Context context,
  int appWidgetId,
  android.appwidget.AppWidgetProviderInfo appWidget)

Called to create the AppWidgetHostView. Override to return a custom subclass if 
you need it. 



*android.appwidget.AppWidgetHost.onProviderChanged(int,AppWidgetProviderInfo)*

protected void onProviderChanged(
  int appWidgetId,
  android.appwidget.AppWidgetProviderInfo appWidget)

Called when the AppWidget provider for a AppWidget has been upgraded to a new 
apk. 



*android.appwidget.AppWidgetHost.onProvidersChanged()*

protected void onProvidersChanged()

Called when the set of available widgets changes (ie. widget containing 
packages are added, updated or removed, or widget components are enabled or 
disabled.) 



*android.appwidget.AppWidgetHost.startListening()*

public void startListening()

Start receiving onAppWidgetChanged calls for your AppWidgets. Call this when 
your activity becomes visible, i.e. from onStart() in your Activity. 



*android.appwidget.AppWidgetHost.stopListening()*

public void stopListening()

Stop receiving onAppWidgetChanged calls for your AppWidgets. Call this when 
your activity is no longer visible, i.e. from onStop() in your Activity. 




