*android.view.View.DragShadowBuilder* *View.DragShadowBuilder* Creates an image 

public static class View.DragShadowBuilder
  extends    |java.lang.Object|

|android.view.View.DragShadowBuilder_Description|
|android.view.View.DragShadowBuilder_Fields|
|android.view.View.DragShadowBuilder_Constructors|
|android.view.View.DragShadowBuilder_Methods|

================================================================================

*android.view.View.DragShadowBuilder_Constructors*
|android.view.View.DragShadowBuilder()|Construct a shadow builder object with n
|android.view.View.DragShadowBuilder(View)|Constructs a shadow image builder ba

*android.view.View.DragShadowBuilder_Methods*
|android.view.View.DragShadowBuilder.getView()|Returns the View object that had
|android.view.View.DragShadowBuilder.onDrawShadow(Canvas)|Draws the shadow imag
|android.view.View.DragShadowBuilder.onProvideShadowMetrics(Point,Point)|Provid

*android.view.View.DragShadowBuilder_Description*

Creates an image that the system displays during the drag and drop operation. 
This is called a drag shadow. The default implementation for a 
DragShadowBuilder based on a View returns an image that has exactly the same 
appearance as the given View. The default also positions the center of the drag 
shadow directly under the touch point. If no View is provided (the constructor 
with no parameters is used), and 
onProvideShadowMetrics()(|android.view.View.DragShadowBuilder|) and 
onDrawShadow()(|android.view.View.DragShadowBuilder|) are not overriden, then 
the default is an invisible drag shadow. 

You are not required to use the View you provide to the constructor as the 
basis of the drag shadow. The 
onDrawShadow()(|android.view.View.DragShadowBuilder|) method allows you to draw 
anything you want as the drag shadow. 

You pass a DragShadowBuilder object to the system when you start the drag. The 
system calls onProvideShadowMetrics()(|android.view.View.DragShadowBuilder|) to 
get the size and position of the drag shadow. It uses this data to construct a 
(|android.graphics.Canvas|) object, then it calls 
onDrawShadow()(|android.view.View.DragShadowBuilder|) so that your application 
can draw the shadow image in the Canvas. 

Developer Guides For a guide to implementing drag and drop features, read the 
<a href="guide/topics/ui/drag-drop.html">Drag and Drop developer guide. 



*android.view.View.DragShadowBuilder()*

public View.DragShadowBuilder()

Construct a shadow builder object with no associated View. This constructor 
variant is only useful when the (|android.view.View.DragShadowBuilder|) and 
(|android.view.View.DragShadowBuilder|) methods are also overridden in order to 
supply the drag shadow's dimensions and appearance without reference to any 
View object. If they are not overridden, then the result is an invisible drag 
shadow. 


*android.view.View.DragShadowBuilder(View)*

public View.DragShadowBuilder(android.view.View view)

Constructs a shadow image builder based on a View. By default, the resulting 
drag shadow will have the same appearance and dimensions as the View, with the 
touch point over the center of the View. 

    view - A View. Any View in scope can be used. 

*android.view.View.DragShadowBuilder.getView()*

public final |android.view.View| getView()

Returns the View object that had been passed to the 
(|android.view.View.DragShadowBuilder|) constructor. If that View parameter 
wasnullor if the (|android.view.View.DragShadowBuilder|) constructor was used 
to instantiate the builder object, this method will return null. 



    Returns: The View object associate with this builder object. 

*android.view.View.DragShadowBuilder.onDrawShadow(Canvas)*

public void onDrawShadow(Canvas canvas)

Draws the shadow image. The system creates the (|android.graphics.Canvas|) 
object based on the dimensions it received from the 
(|android.view.View.DragShadowBuilder|) callback. 


    canvas - A {@link android.graphics.Canvas} object in which to draw the shadow image. 

*android.view.View.DragShadowBuilder.onProvideShadowMetrics(Point,Point)*

public void onProvideShadowMetrics(
  Point shadowSize,
  Point shadowTouchPoint)

Provides the metrics for the shadow image. These include the dimensions of the 
shadow image, and the point within that shadow that should be centered under 
the touch location while dragging. 

The default implementation sets the dimensions of the shadow to be the same as 
the dimensions of the View itself and centers the shadow under the touch point. 


    shadowSize - A {@link android.graphics.Point} containing the width and height of the shadow 
       image. Your application must set {@link android.graphics.Point#x} to the 
       desired width and must set {@link android.graphics.Point#y} to the 
       desired height of the image. 
    shadowTouchPoint - A {@link android.graphics.Point} for the position within the shadow image that 
       should be underneath the touch point during the drag and drop operation. 
       Your application must set {@link android.graphics.Point#x} to the X 
       coordinate and {@link android.graphics.Point#y} to the Y coordinate of 
       this position. 


