*android.provider.ContactsContract.CommonDataKinds.Phone* *ContactsContract.CommonDataKinds.Phone* 

public static final class ContactsContract.CommonDataKinds.Phone
  extends    |java.lang.Object|
  implements |android.provider.ContactsContract.DataColumnsWithJoins|
             |android.provider.ContactsContract.CommonDataKinds.CommonColumns|

|android.provider.ContactsContract.CommonDataKinds.Phone_Description|
|android.provider.ContactsContract.CommonDataKinds.Phone_Fields|
|android.provider.ContactsContract.CommonDataKinds.Phone_Constructors|
|android.provider.ContactsContract.CommonDataKinds.Phone_Methods|

================================================================================

*android.provider.ContactsContract.CommonDataKinds.Phone_Fields*
|android.net.Uri_android.provider.ContactsContract.CommonDataKinds.Phone.CONTENT_FILTER_URI|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.CommonDataKinds.Phone.CONTENT_ITEM_TYPE|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.CommonDataKinds.Phone.CONTENT_TYPE|
|android.net.Uri_android.provider.ContactsContract.CommonDataKinds.Phone.CONTENT_URI|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.CommonDataKinds.Phone.NORMALIZED_NUMBER|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.CommonDataKinds.Phone.NUMBER|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.CommonDataKinds.Phone.SEARCH_DISPLAY_NAME_KEY|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.CommonDataKinds.Phone.SEARCH_PHONE_NUMBER_KEY|
|int_android.provider.ContactsContract.CommonDataKinds.Phone.TYPE_ASSISTANT|
|int_android.provider.ContactsContract.CommonDataKinds.Phone.TYPE_CALLBACK|
|int_android.provider.ContactsContract.CommonDataKinds.Phone.TYPE_CAR|
|int_android.provider.ContactsContract.CommonDataKinds.Phone.TYPE_COMPANY_MAIN|
|int_android.provider.ContactsContract.CommonDataKinds.Phone.TYPE_FAX_HOME|
|int_android.provider.ContactsContract.CommonDataKinds.Phone.TYPE_FAX_WORK|
|int_android.provider.ContactsContract.CommonDataKinds.Phone.TYPE_HOME|
|int_android.provider.ContactsContract.CommonDataKinds.Phone.TYPE_ISDN|
|int_android.provider.ContactsContract.CommonDataKinds.Phone.TYPE_MAIN|
|int_android.provider.ContactsContract.CommonDataKinds.Phone.TYPE_MMS|
|int_android.provider.ContactsContract.CommonDataKinds.Phone.TYPE_MOBILE|
|int_android.provider.ContactsContract.CommonDataKinds.Phone.TYPE_OTHER|
|int_android.provider.ContactsContract.CommonDataKinds.Phone.TYPE_OTHER_FAX|
|int_android.provider.ContactsContract.CommonDataKinds.Phone.TYPE_PAGER|
|int_android.provider.ContactsContract.CommonDataKinds.Phone.TYPE_RADIO|
|int_android.provider.ContactsContract.CommonDataKinds.Phone.TYPE_TELEX|
|int_android.provider.ContactsContract.CommonDataKinds.Phone.TYPE_TTY_TDD|
|int_android.provider.ContactsContract.CommonDataKinds.Phone.TYPE_WORK|
|int_android.provider.ContactsContract.CommonDataKinds.Phone.TYPE_WORK_MOBILE|
|int_android.provider.ContactsContract.CommonDataKinds.Phone.TYPE_WORK_PAGER|

*android.provider.ContactsContract.CommonDataKinds.Phone_Methods*
|android.provider.ContactsContract.CommonDataKinds.Phone.getDisplayLabel(Context,int,CharSequence)|
|android.provider.ContactsContract.CommonDataKinds.Phone.getDisplayLabel(Context,int,CharSequence,CharSequence[])|
|android.provider.ContactsContract.CommonDataKinds.Phone.getTypeLabel(Resources,int,CharSequence)|
|android.provider.ContactsContract.CommonDataKinds.Phone.getTypeLabelResource(int)|

*android.provider.ContactsContract.CommonDataKinds.Phone_Description*

A data kind representing a telephone number. 

You can use all columns defined for (|android.provider.ContactsContract.Data|) 
as well as the following aliases. 

Column aliases 

Type AliasData column 

String (|android.provider.ContactsContract.CommonDataKinds.Phone|) 
(|android.provider.ContactsContract.CommonDataKinds.Phone|) 



int (|android.provider.ContactsContract.CommonDataKinds.Phone|) 
(|android.provider.ContactsContract.CommonDataKinds.Phone|) Allowed values are: 

(|android.provider.ContactsContract.CommonDataKinds.Phone|) . Put the actual 
type in (|android.provider.ContactsContract.CommonDataKinds.Phone|) . 
(|android.provider.ContactsContract.CommonDataKinds.Phone|) 
(|android.provider.ContactsContract.CommonDataKinds.Phone|) 
(|android.provider.ContactsContract.CommonDataKinds.Phone|) 
(|android.provider.ContactsContract.CommonDataKinds.Phone|) 
(|android.provider.ContactsContract.CommonDataKinds.Phone|) 
(|android.provider.ContactsContract.CommonDataKinds.Phone|) 
(|android.provider.ContactsContract.CommonDataKinds.Phone|) 
(|android.provider.ContactsContract.CommonDataKinds.Phone|) 
(|android.provider.ContactsContract.CommonDataKinds.Phone|) 
(|android.provider.ContactsContract.CommonDataKinds.Phone|) 
(|android.provider.ContactsContract.CommonDataKinds.Phone|) 
(|android.provider.ContactsContract.CommonDataKinds.Phone|) 
(|android.provider.ContactsContract.CommonDataKinds.Phone|) 
(|android.provider.ContactsContract.CommonDataKinds.Phone|) 
(|android.provider.ContactsContract.CommonDataKinds.Phone|) 
(|android.provider.ContactsContract.CommonDataKinds.Phone|) 
(|android.provider.ContactsContract.CommonDataKinds.Phone|) 
(|android.provider.ContactsContract.CommonDataKinds.Phone|) 
(|android.provider.ContactsContract.CommonDataKinds.Phone|) 
(|android.provider.ContactsContract.CommonDataKinds.Phone|) 





String (|android.provider.ContactsContract.CommonDataKinds.Phone|) 
(|android.provider.ContactsContract.CommonDataKinds.Phone|) 





*android.net.Uri_android.provider.ContactsContract.CommonDataKinds.Phone.CONTENT_FILTER_URI*

The content:// style URL for phone lookup using a filter. The filter returns 
records of MIME type 
(|android.provider.ContactsContract.CommonDataKinds.Phone|) . The filter is 
applied to display names as well as phone numbers. The filter argument should 
be passed as an additional path segment after this URI. 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.CommonDataKinds.Phone.CONTENT_ITEM_TYPE*

MIME type used when storing this in data table. 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.CommonDataKinds.Phone.CONTENT_TYPE*

The MIME type of (|android.provider.ContactsContract.CommonDataKinds.Phone|) 
providing a directory of phones. 


*android.net.Uri_android.provider.ContactsContract.CommonDataKinds.Phone.CONTENT_URI*

The content:// style URI for all data records of the 
(|android.provider.ContactsContract.CommonDataKinds.Phone|) MIME type, combined 
with the associated raw contact and aggregate contact data. 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.CommonDataKinds.Phone.NORMALIZED_NUMBER*

The phone number's E164 representation. This value can be omitted in which case 
the provider will try to automatically infer it. (It'll be left null if the 
provider fails to infer.) If present, 
(|android.provider.ContactsContract.CommonDataKinds.Phone|) has to be set as 
well (it will be ignored otherwise). Type: TEXT 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.CommonDataKinds.Phone.NUMBER*

The phone number as the user entered it. Type: TEXT 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.CommonDataKinds.Phone.SEARCH_DISPLAY_NAME_KEY*

A boolean query parameter that can be used with 
(|android.provider.ContactsContract.CommonDataKinds.Phone|) . If "1" or "true", 
display names are searched. If "0" or "false", display names are not searched. 
Default is "1". 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.CommonDataKinds.Phone.SEARCH_PHONE_NUMBER_KEY*

A boolean query parameter that can be used with 
(|android.provider.ContactsContract.CommonDataKinds.Phone|) . If "1" or "true", 
phone numbers are searched. If "0" or "false", phone numbers are not searched. 
Default is "1". 


*int_android.provider.ContactsContract.CommonDataKinds.Phone.TYPE_ASSISTANT*




*int_android.provider.ContactsContract.CommonDataKinds.Phone.TYPE_CALLBACK*




*int_android.provider.ContactsContract.CommonDataKinds.Phone.TYPE_CAR*




*int_android.provider.ContactsContract.CommonDataKinds.Phone.TYPE_COMPANY_MAIN*




*int_android.provider.ContactsContract.CommonDataKinds.Phone.TYPE_FAX_HOME*




*int_android.provider.ContactsContract.CommonDataKinds.Phone.TYPE_FAX_WORK*




*int_android.provider.ContactsContract.CommonDataKinds.Phone.TYPE_HOME*




*int_android.provider.ContactsContract.CommonDataKinds.Phone.TYPE_ISDN*




*int_android.provider.ContactsContract.CommonDataKinds.Phone.TYPE_MAIN*




*int_android.provider.ContactsContract.CommonDataKinds.Phone.TYPE_MMS*




*int_android.provider.ContactsContract.CommonDataKinds.Phone.TYPE_MOBILE*




*int_android.provider.ContactsContract.CommonDataKinds.Phone.TYPE_OTHER*




*int_android.provider.ContactsContract.CommonDataKinds.Phone.TYPE_OTHER_FAX*




*int_android.provider.ContactsContract.CommonDataKinds.Phone.TYPE_PAGER*




*int_android.provider.ContactsContract.CommonDataKinds.Phone.TYPE_RADIO*




*int_android.provider.ContactsContract.CommonDataKinds.Phone.TYPE_TELEX*




*int_android.provider.ContactsContract.CommonDataKinds.Phone.TYPE_TTY_TDD*




*int_android.provider.ContactsContract.CommonDataKinds.Phone.TYPE_WORK*




*int_android.provider.ContactsContract.CommonDataKinds.Phone.TYPE_WORK_MOBILE*




*int_android.provider.ContactsContract.CommonDataKinds.Phone.TYPE_WORK_PAGER*





*android.provider.ContactsContract.CommonDataKinds.Phone.getDisplayLabel(Context,int,CharSequence)*

public static final |java.lang.CharSequence| getDisplayLabel(
  android.content.Context context,
  int type,
  java.lang.CharSequence label)



    Deprecated: use {@link #getTypeLabel(Resources, int, CharSequence)} instead.


*android.provider.ContactsContract.CommonDataKinds.Phone.getDisplayLabel(Context,int,CharSequence,CharSequence[])*

public static final |java.lang.CharSequence| getDisplayLabel(
  android.content.Context context,
  int type,
  java.lang.CharSequence label,
  java.lang.CharSequence[] labelArray)



    Deprecated: use {@link #getTypeLabel(Resources, int, CharSequence)} instead.


*android.provider.ContactsContract.CommonDataKinds.Phone.getTypeLabel(Resources,int,CharSequence)*

public static final |java.lang.CharSequence| getTypeLabel(
  android.content.res.Resources res,
  int type,
  java.lang.CharSequence label)

Return a (|java.lang.CharSequence|) that best describes the given type, 
possibly substituting the given 
(|android.provider.ContactsContract.CommonDataKinds.Phone|) value for 
(|android.provider.ContactsContract.CommonDataKinds.Phone|) . 



*android.provider.ContactsContract.CommonDataKinds.Phone.getTypeLabelResource(int)*

public static final int getTypeLabelResource(int type)

Return the string resource that best describes the given 
(|android.provider.ContactsContract.CommonDataKinds.Phone|) . Will always 
return a valid resource. 




