*android.print.PrintJob* *PrintJob* This class represents a print job from the p

public final class PrintJob
  extends    |java.lang.Object|

|android.print.PrintJob_Description|
|android.print.PrintJob_Fields|
|android.print.PrintJob_Constructors|
|android.print.PrintJob_Methods|

================================================================================

*android.print.PrintJob_Methods*
|android.print.PrintJob.cancel()|Cancels this print job.
|android.print.PrintJob.equals(Object)|
|android.print.PrintJob.getId()|Gets the unique print job id.
|android.print.PrintJob.getInfo()|Gets thePrintJobInfothat describes this job.
|android.print.PrintJob.hashCode()|
|android.print.PrintJob.isBlocked()|Gets whether this print job is blocked.
|android.print.PrintJob.isCancelled()|Gets whether this print job is cancelled.
|android.print.PrintJob.isCompleted()|Gets whether this print job is completed.
|android.print.PrintJob.isFailed()|Gets whether this print job is failed.
|android.print.PrintJob.isQueued()|Gets whether this print job is queued.
|android.print.PrintJob.isStarted()|Gets whether this print job is started.
|android.print.PrintJob.restart()|Restarts this print job.

*android.print.PrintJob_Description*

This class represents a print job from the perspective of an application. It 
contains behavior methods for performing operations on it as well as methods 
for querying its state. A snapshot of the print job state is represented by the 
(|android.print.PrintJobInfo|) class. The state of a print job may change over 
time. An application receives instances of this class when creating a print job 
or querying for its print jobs. 



*android.print.PrintJob.cancel()*

public void cancel()

Cancels this print job. You can request cancellation of a queued, started, 
blocked, or failed print job. 



*android.print.PrintJob.equals(Object)*

public boolean equals(java.lang.Object obj)





*android.print.PrintJob.getId()*

public |android.print.PrintJobId| getId()

Gets the unique print job id. 



    Returns: 

*android.print.PrintJob.getInfo()*

public |android.print.PrintJobInfo| getInfo()

Gets the (|android.print.PrintJobInfo|) that describes this job. 

Node:The returned info object is a snapshot of the current print job state. 
Every call to this method returns a fresh info object that reflects the current 
print job state. 



    Returns: The print job info. 

*android.print.PrintJob.hashCode()*

public int hashCode()





*android.print.PrintJob.isBlocked()*

public boolean isBlocked()

Gets whether this print job is blocked. Such a print job is halted due to an 
abnormal condition. You can request a cancellation via 
(|android.print.PrintJob|) . 



    Returns: Whether the print job is blocked. 

*android.print.PrintJob.isCancelled()*

public boolean isCancelled()

Gets whether this print job is cancelled. Such a print job was cancelled as a 
result of a user request. This is a final state. You cannot restart such a 
print job. 



    Returns: Whether the print job is cancelled. 

*android.print.PrintJob.isCompleted()*

public boolean isCompleted()

Gets whether this print job is completed. Such a print job is successfully 
printed. You can neither cancel nor restart such a print job. 



    Returns: Whether the print job is completed. 

*android.print.PrintJob.isFailed()*

public boolean isFailed()

Gets whether this print job is failed. Such a print job is not successfully 
printed due to an error. You can request a restart via 
(|android.print.PrintJob|) or cancel via (|android.print.PrintJob|) . 



    Returns: Whether the print job is failed. 

*android.print.PrintJob.isQueued()*

public boolean isQueued()

Gets whether this print job is queued. Such a print job is ready to be printed. 
You can request a cancellation via (|android.print.PrintJob|) . 



    Returns: Whether the print job is queued. 

*android.print.PrintJob.isStarted()*

public boolean isStarted()

Gets whether this print job is started. Such a print job is being printed. You 
can request a cancellation via (|android.print.PrintJob|) . 



    Returns: Whether the print job is started. 

*android.print.PrintJob.restart()*

public void restart()

Restarts this print job. You can request restart of a failed print job. 




