*android.provider.ContactsContract.RawContactsColumns* *ContactsContract.RawContactsColumns* 

protected static interface interface ContactsContract.RawContactsColumns


|android.provider.ContactsContract.RawContactsColumns_Description|
|android.provider.ContactsContract.RawContactsColumns_Fields|
|android.provider.ContactsContract.RawContactsColumns_Constructors|
|android.provider.ContactsContract.RawContactsColumns_Methods|

================================================================================

*android.provider.ContactsContract.RawContactsColumns_Fields*
|java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.RawContactsColumns.ACCOUNT_TYPE_AND_DATA_SET|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.RawContactsColumns.AGGREGATION_MODE|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.RawContactsColumns.CONTACT_ID|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.RawContactsColumns.DATA_SET|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.RawContactsColumns.DELETED|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.RawContactsColumns.NAME_VERIFIED|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.RawContactsColumns.RAW_CONTACT_IS_READ_ONLY|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.RawContactsColumns.RAW_CONTACT_IS_USER_PROFILE|

*android.provider.ContactsContract.RawContactsColumns_Description*





*java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.RawContactsColumns.ACCOUNT_TYPE_AND_DATA_SET*

A concatenation of the account type and data set (delimited by a forward slash) 
- if the data set is empty, this will be the same as the account type. For 
applications that need to be aware of the data set, this can be used instead of 
account type to distinguish sets of data. This is never intended to be used for 
specifying accounts. 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.RawContactsColumns.AGGREGATION_MODE*

The aggregation mode for this contact. Type: INTEGER 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.RawContactsColumns.CONTACT_ID*

A reference to the (|android.provider.ContactsContract.Contacts|) that this 
data belongs to. Type: INTEGER 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.RawContactsColumns.DATA_SET*

The data set within the account that this row belongs to. This allows multiple 
sync adapters for the same account type to distinguish between each others' 
data. 

This is empty by default, and is completely optional. It only needs to be 
populated if multiple sync adapters are entering distinct data for the same 
account type and account name. Type: TEXT 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.RawContactsColumns.DELETED*

The "deleted" flag: "0" by default, "1" if the row has been marked for 
deletion. When (|android.content.ContentResolver|) is called on a raw contact, 
it is marked for deletion and removed from its aggregate contact. The sync 
adaptor deletes the raw contact on the server and then calls 
ContactResolver.delete once more, this time passing the 
(|android.provider.ContactsContract|) query parameter to finalize the data 
removal. Type: INTEGER 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.RawContactsColumns.NAME_VERIFIED*

The "name_verified" flag: "1" means that the name fields on this raw contact 
can be trusted and therefore should be used for the entire aggregated contact. 

If an aggregated contact contains more than one raw contact with a verified 
name, one of those verified names is chosen at random. If an aggregated contact 
contains no verified names, the name is chosen randomly from the constituent 
raw contacts. 

Updating this flag from "0" to "1" automatically resets it to "0" on all other 
raw contacts in the same aggregated contact. 

Sync adapters should only specify a value for this column when inserting a raw 
contact and leave it out when doing an update. 

The default value is "0" 

Type: INTEGER 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.RawContactsColumns.RAW_CONTACT_IS_READ_ONLY*

The "read-only" flag: "0" by default, "1" if the row cannot be modified or 
deleted except by a sync adapter. See (|android.provider.ContactsContract|) . 
Type: INTEGER 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.RawContactsColumns.RAW_CONTACT_IS_USER_PROFILE*

Flag that reflects whether this raw contact belongs to the user's personal 
profile entry. 



