*android.provider.ContactsContract.Intents.Insert* *ContactsContract.Intents.Insert* 

public static final class ContactsContract.Intents.Insert
  extends    |java.lang.Object|

|android.provider.ContactsContract.Intents.Insert_Description|
|android.provider.ContactsContract.Intents.Insert_Fields|
|android.provider.ContactsContract.Intents.Insert_Constructors|
|android.provider.ContactsContract.Intents.Insert_Methods|

================================================================================

*android.provider.ContactsContract.Intents.Insert_Fields*
|java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.Intents.Insert.ACCOUNT|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.Intents.Insert.ACTION|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.Intents.Insert.COMPANY|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.Intents.Insert.DATA|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.Intents.Insert.DATA_SET|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.Intents.Insert.EMAIL|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.Intents.Insert.EMAIL_ISPRIMARY|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.Intents.Insert.EMAIL_TYPE|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.Intents.Insert.FULL_MODE|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.Intents.Insert.IM_HANDLE|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.Intents.Insert.IM_ISPRIMARY|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.Intents.Insert.IM_PROTOCOL|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.Intents.Insert.JOB_TITLE|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.Intents.Insert.NAME|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.Intents.Insert.NOTES|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.Intents.Insert.PHONE|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.Intents.Insert.PHONE_ISPRIMARY|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.Intents.Insert.PHONE_TYPE|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.Intents.Insert.PHONETIC_NAME|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.Intents.Insert.POSTAL|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.Intents.Insert.POSTAL_ISPRIMARY|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.Intents.Insert.POSTAL_TYPE|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.Intents.Insert.SECONDARY_EMAIL|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.Intents.Insert.SECONDARY_EMAIL_TYPE|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.Intents.Insert.SECONDARY_PHONE|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.Intents.Insert.SECONDARY_PHONE_TYPE|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.Intents.Insert.TERTIARY_EMAIL|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.Intents.Insert.TERTIARY_EMAIL_TYPE|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.Intents.Insert.TERTIARY_PHONE|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.Intents.Insert.TERTIARY_PHONE_TYPE|

*android.provider.ContactsContract.Intents.Insert_Constructors*
|android.provider.ContactsContract.Intents.Insert()|

*android.provider.ContactsContract.Intents.Insert_Description*

Convenience class that contains string constants used to create contact 
Intents(|android.content.Intent|) . 



*java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.Intents.Insert.ACCOUNT*

Used to specify the account in which to create the new contact. 

If this value is not provided, the user is presented with a disambiguation 
dialog to chose an account 

Type: (|android.accounts.Account|) 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.Intents.Insert.ACTION*

The action code to use when adding a contact 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.Intents.Insert.COMPANY*

The extra field for the contact company. Type: String 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.Intents.Insert.DATA*

The extra field that allows the client to supply multiple rows of arbitrary 
data for a single contact created using the (|android.content.Intent|) or 
edited using (|android.content.Intent|) . It is an ArrayList of 
(|android.content.ContentValues|) , one per data row. Supplying this extra is 
similar to inserting multiple rows into the 
(|android.provider.ContactsContract.Contacts.Data|) table, except the user gets 
a chance to see and edit them before saving. Each ContentValues object must 
have a value for (|android.provider.ContactsContract.Contacts.Data|) . If 
supplied values are not visible in the editor UI, they will be dropped. 
Duplicate data will dropped. Some fields like 
Email.TYPE(|android.provider.ContactsContract.CommonDataKinds.Email|) may be 
automatically adjusted to comply with the constraints of the specific account 
type. For example, an Exchange contact can only have one phone numbers of type 
Home, so the contact editor may choose a different type for this phone number 
to avoid dropping the valueable part of the row, which is the phone number. 

Example: 

ArrayList<ContentValues> data = new ArrayList<ContentValues>(); 

ContentValues row1 = new ContentValues(); row1.put(Data.MIMETYPE, 
Organization.CONTENT_ITEM_TYPE); row1.put(Organization.COMPANY, "Android"); 
data.add(row1); 

ContentValues row2 = new ContentValues(); row2.put(Data.MIMETYPE, 
Email.CONTENT_ITEM_TYPE); row2.put(Email.TYPE, Email.TYPE_CUSTOM); 
row2.put(Email.LABEL, "Green Bot"); row2.put(Email.ADDRESS, 
"android@android.com"); data.add(row2); 

Intent intent = new Intent(Intent.ACTION_INSERT, Contacts.CONTENT_URI); 
intent.putParcelableArrayListExtra(Insert.DATA, data); 

startActivity(intent); 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.Intents.Insert.DATA_SET*

Used to specify the data set within the account in which to create the new 
contact. 

This value is optional - if it is not specified, the contact will be created in 
the base account, with no data set. 

Type: String 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.Intents.Insert.EMAIL*

The extra field for the contact email address. Type: String 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.Intents.Insert.EMAIL_ISPRIMARY*

The extra field for the email isprimary flag. Type: boolean 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.Intents.Insert.EMAIL_TYPE*

The extra field for the contact email type. Type: Either an integer value from 
(|android.provider.ContactsContract.CommonDataKinds.Email|) or a string 
specifying a custom label. 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.Intents.Insert.FULL_MODE*

If present, forces a bypass of quick insert mode. 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.Intents.Insert.IM_HANDLE*

The extra field for an IM handle. Type: String 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.Intents.Insert.IM_ISPRIMARY*

The extra field for the IM isprimary flag. Type: boolean 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.Intents.Insert.IM_PROTOCOL*

The extra field for the IM protocol 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.Intents.Insert.JOB_TITLE*

The extra field for the contact job title. Type: String 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.Intents.Insert.NAME*

The extra field for the contact name. Type: String 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.Intents.Insert.NOTES*

The extra field for the contact notes. Type: String 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.Intents.Insert.PHONE*

The extra field for the contact phone number. Type: String 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.Intents.Insert.PHONE_ISPRIMARY*

The extra field for the phone isprimary flag. Type: boolean 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.Intents.Insert.PHONE_TYPE*

The extra field for the contact phone number type. Type: Either an integer 
value from (|android.provider.ContactsContract.CommonDataKinds.Phone|) , or a 
string specifying a custom label. 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.Intents.Insert.PHONETIC_NAME*

The extra field for the contact phonetic name. Type: String 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.Intents.Insert.POSTAL*

The extra field for the contact postal address. Type: String 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.Intents.Insert.POSTAL_ISPRIMARY*

The extra field for the postal isprimary flag. Type: boolean 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.Intents.Insert.POSTAL_TYPE*

The extra field for the contact postal address type. Type: Either an integer 
value from 
(|android.provider.ContactsContract.CommonDataKinds.StructuredPostal|) or a 
string specifying a custom label. 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.Intents.Insert.SECONDARY_EMAIL*

The extra field for an optional second contact email address. Type: String 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.Intents.Insert.SECONDARY_EMAIL_TYPE*

The extra field for an optional second contact email type. Type: Either an 
integer value from (|android.provider.ContactsContract.CommonDataKinds.Email|) 
or a string specifying a custom label. 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.Intents.Insert.SECONDARY_PHONE*

The extra field for an optional second contact phone number. Type: String 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.Intents.Insert.SECONDARY_PHONE_TYPE*

The extra field for an optional second contact phone number type. Type: Either 
an integer value from 
(|android.provider.ContactsContract.CommonDataKinds.Phone|) , or a string 
specifying a custom label. 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.Intents.Insert.TERTIARY_EMAIL*

The extra field for an optional third contact email address. Type: String 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.Intents.Insert.TERTIARY_EMAIL_TYPE*

The extra field for an optional third contact email type. Type: Either an 
integer value from (|android.provider.ContactsContract.CommonDataKinds.Email|) 
or a string specifying a custom label. 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.Intents.Insert.TERTIARY_PHONE*

The extra field for an optional third contact phone number. Type: String 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.Intents.Insert.TERTIARY_PHONE_TYPE*

The extra field for an optional third contact phone number type. Type: Either 
an integer value from 
(|android.provider.ContactsContract.CommonDataKinds.Phone|) , or a string 
specifying a custom label. 



*android.provider.ContactsContract.Intents.Insert()*

public ContactsContract.Intents.Insert()




