*android.transition.TransitionSet* *TransitionSet* A TransitionSet is a parent o

public class TransitionSet
  extends    |android.transition.Transition|

|android.transition.TransitionSet_Description|
|android.transition.TransitionSet_Fields|
|android.transition.TransitionSet_Constructors|
|android.transition.TransitionSet_Methods|

================================================================================

*android.transition.TransitionSet_Fields*
|int_android.transition.TransitionSet.ORDERING_SEQUENTIAL|
|int_android.transition.TransitionSet.ORDERING_TOGETHER|

*android.transition.TransitionSet_Constructors*
|android.transition.TransitionSet()|Constructs an empty transition set.

*android.transition.TransitionSet_Methods*
|android.transition.TransitionSet.addListener(Transition.TransitionListener)|
|android.transition.TransitionSet.addTarget(int)|
|android.transition.TransitionSet.addTarget(View)|
|android.transition.TransitionSet.addTransition(Transition)|Adds child transiti
|android.transition.TransitionSet.cancel()|
|android.transition.TransitionSet.captureEndValues(TransitionValues)|
|android.transition.TransitionSet.captureStartValues(TransitionValues)|
|android.transition.TransitionSet.clone()|
|android.transition.TransitionSet.createAnimators(ViewGroup,TransitionValuesMaps,TransitionValuesMaps)|
|android.transition.TransitionSet.getOrdering()|Returns the ordering of this Tr
|android.transition.TransitionSet.pause()|
|android.transition.TransitionSet.removeListener(Transition.TransitionListener)|
|android.transition.TransitionSet.removeTarget(int)|
|android.transition.TransitionSet.removeTarget(View)|
|android.transition.TransitionSet.removeTransition(Transition)|Removes the spec
|android.transition.TransitionSet.resume()|
|android.transition.TransitionSet.runAnimators()|
|android.transition.TransitionSet.setDuration(long)|Setting a non-negative dura
|android.transition.TransitionSet.setInterpolator(TimeInterpolator)|
|android.transition.TransitionSet.setOrdering(int)|Sets the play order of this 
|android.transition.TransitionSet.setStartDelay(long)|

*android.transition.TransitionSet_Description*

A TransitionSet is a parent of child transitions (including other 
TransitionSets). Using TransitionSets enables more complex choreography of 
transitions, where some sets play (|android.transition.TransitionSet|) and 
others play (|android.transition.TransitionSet|) . For example, 
(|android.transition.AutoTransition|) uses a TransitionSet to sequentially play 
a Fade(Fade.OUT), followed by a (|android.transition.ChangeBounds|) , followed 
by a Fade(Fade.OUT) transition. 

A TransitionSet can be described in a resource file by using the tag 
transitionSet, along with the standard attributes of (|android.R.styleable|) 
and (|android.R.styleable|) . Child transitions of the TransitionSet object can 
be loaded by adding those child tags inside the enclosing transitionSet tag. 
For example, the following xml describes a TransitionSet that plays a Fade and 
then a ChangeBounds transition on the affected view targets: 

<transitionSet xmlns:android="http://schemas.android.com/apk/res/android" 
android:ordering="sequential"> <fade/> <changeBounds/> </transitionSet> 



*int_android.transition.TransitionSet.ORDERING_SEQUENTIAL*

A flag used to indicate that the child transitions of this set should play in 
sequence; when one child transition ends, the next child transition begins. 
Note that a transition does not end until all instances of it (which are 
playing on all applicable targets of the transition) end. 


*int_android.transition.TransitionSet.ORDERING_TOGETHER*

A flag used to indicate that the child transitions of this set should all start 
at the same time. 



*android.transition.TransitionSet()*

public TransitionSet()

Constructs an empty transition set. Add child transitions to the set by calling 
(|android.transition.TransitionSet|) )}. By default, child transitions will 
play together(|android.transition.TransitionSet|) . 


*android.transition.TransitionSet.addListener(Transition.TransitionListener)*

public |android.transition.TransitionSet| addListener(android.transition.Transition.TransitionListener listener)





*android.transition.TransitionSet.addTarget(int)*

public |android.transition.TransitionSet| addTarget(int targetId)





*android.transition.TransitionSet.addTarget(View)*

public |android.transition.TransitionSet| addTarget(android.view.View target)





*android.transition.TransitionSet.addTransition(Transition)*

public |android.transition.TransitionSet| addTransition(android.transition.Transition transition)

Adds child transition to this set. The order in which this child transition is 
added relative to other child transitions that are added, in addition to the 
ordering(|android.transition.TransitionSet|) property, determines the order in 
which the transitions are started. 

If this transitionSet has a duration(|android.transition.TransitionSet|) set on 
it, the child transition will inherit that duration. Transitions are assumed to 
have a maximum of one transitionSet parent. 


    transition - A non-null child transition to be added to this set. 

    Returns: This transitionSet object. 

*android.transition.TransitionSet.cancel()*

protected void cancel()





*android.transition.TransitionSet.captureEndValues(TransitionValues)*

public void captureEndValues(android.transition.TransitionValues transitionValues)





*android.transition.TransitionSet.captureStartValues(TransitionValues)*

public void captureStartValues(android.transition.TransitionValues transitionValues)





*android.transition.TransitionSet.clone()*

public |android.transition.TransitionSet| clone()





*android.transition.TransitionSet.createAnimators(ViewGroup,TransitionValuesMaps,TransitionValuesMaps)*

protected void createAnimators(
  android.view.ViewGroup sceneRoot,
  android.transition.TransitionValuesMaps startValues,
  android.transition.TransitionValuesMaps endValues)





*android.transition.TransitionSet.getOrdering()*

public int getOrdering()

Returns the ordering of this TransitionSet. By default, the value is 
(|android.transition.TransitionSet|) . 



    Returns: {@link #ORDERING_TOGETHER} if child transitions will play at the same time, 
             {@link #ORDERING_SEQUENTIAL} if they will play in sequence. 

*android.transition.TransitionSet.pause()*

public void pause()





*android.transition.TransitionSet.removeListener(Transition.TransitionListener)*

public |android.transition.TransitionSet| removeListener(android.transition.Transition.TransitionListener listener)





*android.transition.TransitionSet.removeTarget(int)*

public |android.transition.TransitionSet| removeTarget(int targetId)





*android.transition.TransitionSet.removeTarget(View)*

public |android.transition.TransitionSet| removeTarget(android.view.View target)





*android.transition.TransitionSet.removeTransition(Transition)*

public |android.transition.TransitionSet| removeTransition(android.transition.Transition transition)

Removes the specified child transition from this set. 


    transition - The transition to be removed. 

    Returns: This transitionSet object. 

*android.transition.TransitionSet.resume()*

public void resume()





*android.transition.TransitionSet.runAnimators()*

protected void runAnimators()





*android.transition.TransitionSet.setDuration(long)*

public |android.transition.TransitionSet| setDuration(long duration)

Setting a non-negative duration on a TransitionSet causes all of the child 
transitions (current and future) to inherit this duration. 


    duration - The length of the animation, in milliseconds. 

    Returns: This transitionSet object. 

*android.transition.TransitionSet.setInterpolator(TimeInterpolator)*

public |android.transition.TransitionSet| setInterpolator(android.animation.TimeInterpolator interpolator)





*android.transition.TransitionSet.setOrdering(int)*

public |android.transition.TransitionSet| setOrdering(int ordering)

Sets the play order of this set's child transitions. 


    ordering - {@link #ORDERING_TOGETHER} to play this set's child transitions together, 
       {@link #ORDERING_SEQUENTIAL} to play the child transitions in sequence. 

    Returns: This transitionSet object. 

*android.transition.TransitionSet.setStartDelay(long)*

public |android.transition.TransitionSet| setStartDelay(long startDelay)






