*android.content.pm.PermissionInfo* *PermissionInfo* Information you can retriev

public class PermissionInfo
  extends    |android.content.pm.PackageItemInfo|
  implements |android.os.Parcelable|

|android.content.pm.PermissionInfo_Description|
|android.content.pm.PermissionInfo_Fields|
|android.content.pm.PermissionInfo_Constructors|
|android.content.pm.PermissionInfo_Methods|

================================================================================

*android.content.pm.PermissionInfo_Fields*
|android.os.Parcelable.Creator<android.content.pm.PermissionInfo>_android.content.pm.PermissionInfo.CREATOR|
|int_android.content.pm.PermissionInfo.descriptionRes|
|int_android.content.pm.PermissionInfo.FLAG_COSTS_MONEY|
|int_android.content.pm.PermissionInfo.flags|
|java.lang.String_android.content.pm.PermissionInfo.group|
|java.lang.CharSequence_android.content.pm.PermissionInfo.nonLocalizedDescription|
|int_android.content.pm.PermissionInfo.PROTECTION_DANGEROUS|
|int_android.content.pm.PermissionInfo.PROTECTION_FLAG_DEVELOPMENT|
|int_android.content.pm.PermissionInfo.PROTECTION_FLAG_SYSTEM|
|int_android.content.pm.PermissionInfo.PROTECTION_MASK_BASE|
|int_android.content.pm.PermissionInfo.PROTECTION_MASK_FLAGS|
|int_android.content.pm.PermissionInfo.PROTECTION_NORMAL|
|int_android.content.pm.PermissionInfo.PROTECTION_SIGNATURE|
|int_android.content.pm.PermissionInfo.PROTECTION_SIGNATURE_OR_SYSTEM|
|int_android.content.pm.PermissionInfo.protectionLevel|

*android.content.pm.PermissionInfo_Constructors*
|android.content.pm.PermissionInfo()|
|android.content.pm.PermissionInfo(PermissionInfo)|

*android.content.pm.PermissionInfo_Methods*
|android.content.pm.PermissionInfo.describeContents()|
|android.content.pm.PermissionInfo.fixProtectionLevel(int)|
|android.content.pm.PermissionInfo.loadDescription(PackageManager)|Retrieve the
|android.content.pm.PermissionInfo.protectionToString(int)|
|android.content.pm.PermissionInfo.toString()|
|android.content.pm.PermissionInfo.writeToParcel(Parcel,int)|

*android.content.pm.PermissionInfo_Description*

Information you can retrieve about a particular security permission known to 
the system. This corresponds to information collected from the 
AndroidManifest.xml's <permission> tags. 



*android.os.Parcelable.Creator<android.content.pm.PermissionInfo>_android.content.pm.PermissionInfo.CREATOR*




*int_android.content.pm.PermissionInfo.descriptionRes*

A string resource identifier (in the package's resources) of this permission's 
description. From the "description" attribute or, if not set, 0. 


*int_android.content.pm.PermissionInfo.FLAG_COSTS_MONEY*

Flag for (|android.content.pm.PermissionInfo|) , corresponding to costsMoney 
value of (|android.R.attr|) . 


*int_android.content.pm.PermissionInfo.flags*

Additional flags about this permission as given by (|android.R.attr|) . 


*java.lang.String_android.content.pm.PermissionInfo.group*

The group this permission is a part of, as per (|android.R.attr|) . 


*java.lang.CharSequence_android.content.pm.PermissionInfo.nonLocalizedDescription*

The description string provided in the AndroidManifest file, if any. You 
probably don't want to use this, since it will be null if the description is in 
a resource. You probably want (|android.content.pm.PermissionInfo|) instead. 


*int_android.content.pm.PermissionInfo.PROTECTION_DANGEROUS*

Dangerous value for (|android.content.pm.PermissionInfo|) , corresponding to 
the dangerous value of (|android.R.attr|) . 


*int_android.content.pm.PermissionInfo.PROTECTION_FLAG_DEVELOPMENT*

Additional flag for (|android.content.pm.PermissionInfo|) , corresponding to 
the development value of (|android.R.attr|) . 


*int_android.content.pm.PermissionInfo.PROTECTION_FLAG_SYSTEM*

Additional flag for (|android.content.pm.PermissionInfo|) , corresponding to 
the system value of (|android.R.attr|) . 


*int_android.content.pm.PermissionInfo.PROTECTION_MASK_BASE*

Mask for (|android.content.pm.PermissionInfo|) : the basic protection type. 


*int_android.content.pm.PermissionInfo.PROTECTION_MASK_FLAGS*

Mask for (|android.content.pm.PermissionInfo|) : additional flag bits. 


*int_android.content.pm.PermissionInfo.PROTECTION_NORMAL*

A normal application value for (|android.content.pm.PermissionInfo|) , 
corresponding to the normal value of (|android.R.attr|) . 


*int_android.content.pm.PermissionInfo.PROTECTION_SIGNATURE*

System-level value for (|android.content.pm.PermissionInfo|) , corresponding to 
the signature value of (|android.R.attr|) . 


*int_android.content.pm.PermissionInfo.PROTECTION_SIGNATURE_OR_SYSTEM*

System-level value for (|android.content.pm.PermissionInfo|) , corresponding to 
the signatureOrSystem value of (|android.R.attr|) . 


*int_android.content.pm.PermissionInfo.protectionLevel*

The level of access this permission is protecting, as per (|android.R.attr|) . 
Values may be (|android.content.pm.PermissionInfo|) , 
(|android.content.pm.PermissionInfo|) , or 
(|android.content.pm.PermissionInfo|) . May also include the additional flags 
(|android.content.pm.PermissionInfo|) or (|android.content.pm.PermissionInfo|) 
(which only make sense in combination with the base 
(|android.content.pm.PermissionInfo|) . 



*android.content.pm.PermissionInfo()*

public PermissionInfo()




*android.content.pm.PermissionInfo(PermissionInfo)*

public PermissionInfo(android.content.pm.PermissionInfo orig)




*android.content.pm.PermissionInfo.describeContents()*

public int describeContents()





*android.content.pm.PermissionInfo.fixProtectionLevel(int)*

public static int fixProtectionLevel(int level)





*android.content.pm.PermissionInfo.loadDescription(PackageManager)*

public |java.lang.CharSequence| loadDescription(android.content.pm.PackageManager pm)

Retrieve the textual description of this permission. This will call back on the 
given PackageManager to load the description from the application. 


    pm - A PackageManager from which the label can be loaded; usually the PackageManager 
       from which you originally retrieved this item. 

    Returns: Returns a CharSequence containing the permission's description. If there is no 
             description, null is returned. 

*android.content.pm.PermissionInfo.protectionToString(int)*

public static |java.lang.String| protectionToString(int level)





*android.content.pm.PermissionInfo.toString()*

public |java.lang.String| toString()





*android.content.pm.PermissionInfo.writeToParcel(Parcel,int)*

public void writeToParcel(
  android.os.Parcel dest,
  int parcelableFlags)






