*android.provider.ContactsContract.Intents* *ContactsContract.Intents* Contains 

public static final class ContactsContract.Intents
  extends    |java.lang.Object|

|android.provider.ContactsContract.Intents_Description|
|android.provider.ContactsContract.Intents_Fields|
|android.provider.ContactsContract.Intents_Constructors|
|android.provider.ContactsContract.Intents_Methods|

================================================================================

*android.provider.ContactsContract.Intents_Fields*
|java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.Intents.ACTION_GET_MULTIPLE_PHONES|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.Intents.ACTION_PROFILE_CHANGED|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.Intents.ATTACH_IMAGE|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.Intents.CONTACTS_DATABASE_CREATED|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.Intents.EXTRA_CREATE_DESCRIPTION|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.Intents.EXTRA_EXCLUDE_MIMES|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.Intents.EXTRA_FORCE_CREATE|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.Intents.EXTRA_MODE|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.Intents.EXTRA_PHONE_URIS|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.Intents.EXTRA_TARGET_RECT|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.Intents.INVITE_CONTACT|
|int_android.provider.ContactsContract.Intents.MODE_LARGE|
|int_android.provider.ContactsContract.Intents.MODE_MEDIUM|
|int_android.provider.ContactsContract.Intents.MODE_SMALL|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.Intents.SEARCH_SUGGESTION_CLICKED|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.Intents.SEARCH_SUGGESTION_CREATE_CONTACT_CLICKED|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.Intents.SEARCH_SUGGESTION_DIAL_NUMBER_CLICKED|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.Intents.SHOW_OR_CREATE_CONTACT|

*android.provider.ContactsContract.Intents_Constructors*
|android.provider.ContactsContract.Intents()|

*android.provider.ContactsContract.Intents_Description*

Contains helper classes used to create or manage 
Intents(|android.content.Intent|) that involve contacts. 



*java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.Intents.ACTION_GET_MULTIPLE_PHONES*

Starts an Activity that lets the user select the multiple phones from a list of 
phone numbers which come from the contacts or 
(|android.provider.ContactsContract.Intents|) . 

The phone numbers being passed in through 
(|android.provider.ContactsContract.Intents|) could belong to the contacts or 
not, and will be selected by default. 

The user's selection will be returned from (|android.app.Activity|) if the 
resultCode is (|android.app.Activity|) , the array of picked phone numbers are 
in the Intent's (|android.provider.ContactsContract.Intents|) ; otherwise, the 
(|android.app.Activity|) is returned if the user left the Activity without 
changing the selection. 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.Intents.ACTION_PROFILE_CHANGED*

A broadcast action which is sent when any change has been made to the profile, 
such as the profile name or the picture. A receiver must have the 
android.permission.READ_PROFILE permission. 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.Intents.ATTACH_IMAGE*

Starts an Activity that lets the user pick a contact to attach an image to. 
After picking the contact it launches the image cropper in face detection mode. 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.Intents.CONTACTS_DATABASE_CREATED*

This is the intent that is fired when the contacts database is created. The 
READ_CONTACT permission is required to receive these broadcasts. 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.Intents.EXTRA_CREATE_DESCRIPTION*

Used with (|android.provider.ContactsContract.Intents|) to specify an exact 
description to be shown when prompting user about creating a new contact. 

Type: STRING 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.Intents.EXTRA_EXCLUDE_MIMES*

Optional extra used with (|android.provider.ContactsContract.Intents|) to 
indicate a list of specific MIME-types to exclude and not display. Stored as a 
(|java.lang.String|) array. 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.Intents.EXTRA_FORCE_CREATE*

Used with (|android.provider.ContactsContract.Intents|) to force creating a new 
contact if no matching contact found. Otherwise, default behavior is to prompt 
user with dialog before creating. 

Type: BOOLEAN 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.Intents.EXTRA_MODE*

Optional extra used with (|android.provider.ContactsContract.Intents|) to 
specify a desired dialog style, usually a variation on size. One of 
(|android.provider.ContactsContract.Intents|) , 
(|android.provider.ContactsContract.Intents|) , or 
(|android.provider.ContactsContract.Intents|) . 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.Intents.EXTRA_PHONE_URIS*

Used with (|android.provider.ContactsContract.Intents|) as the input or output 
value. 

The phone numbers want to be picked by default should be passed in as input 
value. These phone numbers could belong to the contacts or not. 

The phone numbers which were picked by the user are returned as output value. 

Type: array of URIs, the tel URI is used for the phone numbers which don't 
belong to any contact, the content URI is used for phone id in contacts. 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.Intents.EXTRA_TARGET_RECT*

Optional extra used with (|android.provider.ContactsContract.Intents|) to 
specify a dialog location using screen coordinates. When not specified, the 
dialog will be centered. 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.Intents.INVITE_CONTACT*

This is the intent that is fired when the user clicks the "invite to the 
network" button on a contact. Only sent to an activity which is explicitly 
registered by a contact provider which supports the "invite to the network" 
feature. (|android.content.Intent|) contains the lookup URI for the contact. 


*int_android.provider.ContactsContract.Intents.MODE_LARGE*

Value for (|android.provider.ContactsContract.Intents|) to show a large-sized 
dialog. 


*int_android.provider.ContactsContract.Intents.MODE_MEDIUM*

Value for (|android.provider.ContactsContract.Intents|) to show a medium-sized 
dialog. 


*int_android.provider.ContactsContract.Intents.MODE_SMALL*

Value for (|android.provider.ContactsContract.Intents|) to show a small-sized 
dialog. 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.Intents.SEARCH_SUGGESTION_CLICKED*

This is the intent that is fired when a search suggestion is clicked on. 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.Intents.SEARCH_SUGGESTION_CREATE_CONTACT_CLICKED*

This is the intent that is fired when a search suggestion for creating a 
contact is clicked on. 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.Intents.SEARCH_SUGGESTION_DIAL_NUMBER_CLICKED*

This is the intent that is fired when a search suggestion for dialing a number 
is clicked on. 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.Intents.SHOW_OR_CREATE_CONTACT*

Takes as input a data URI with a mailto: or tel: scheme. If a single contact 
exists with the given data it will be shown. If no contact exists, a dialog 
will ask the user if they want to create a new contact with the provided 
details filled in. If multiple contacts share the data the user will be 
prompted to pick which contact they want to view. 

For mailto: URIs, the scheme specific portion must be a raw email address, such 
as one built using (|android.net.Uri|) . 

For tel: URIs, the scheme specific portion is compared to existing numbers 
using the standard caller ID lookup algorithm. The number must be properly 
encoded, for example using (|android.net.Uri|) . 

Any extras from the (|android.provider.ContactsContract.Intents.Insert|) class 
will be passed along to the create activity if there are no contacts to show. 

Passing true for the (|android.provider.ContactsContract.Intents|) extra will 
skip prompting the user when the contact doesn't exist. 



*android.provider.ContactsContract.Intents()*

public ContactsContract.Intents()




