*android.provider.Settings* *Settings* The Settings provider contains global sys

public final class Settings
  extends    |java.lang.Object|

|android.provider.Settings_Description|
|android.provider.Settings_Fields|
|android.provider.Settings_Constructors|
|android.provider.Settings_Methods|

================================================================================

*android.provider.Settings_Fields*
|java.lang.String_android.provider.Settings.ACTION_ACCESSIBILITY_SETTINGS|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.Settings.ACTION_ADD_ACCOUNT|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.Settings.ACTION_AIRPLANE_MODE_SETTINGS|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.Settings.ACTION_APN_SETTINGS|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.Settings.ACTION_APP_OPS_SETTINGS|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.Settings.ACTION_APPLICATION_DETAILS_SETTINGS|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.Settings.ACTION_APPLICATION_DEVELOPMENT_SETTINGS|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.Settings.ACTION_APPLICATION_SETTINGS|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.Settings.ACTION_BLUETOOTH_SETTINGS|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.Settings.ACTION_CAPTIONING_SETTINGS|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.Settings.ACTION_DATA_ROAMING_SETTINGS|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.Settings.ACTION_DATE_SETTINGS|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.Settings.ACTION_DEVICE_INFO_SETTINGS|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.Settings.ACTION_DISPLAY_SETTINGS|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.Settings.ACTION_DREAM_SETTINGS|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.Settings.ACTION_INPUT_METHOD_SETTINGS|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.Settings.ACTION_INPUT_METHOD_SUBTYPE_SETTINGS|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.Settings.ACTION_INTERNAL_STORAGE_SETTINGS|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.Settings.ACTION_LOCALE_SETTINGS|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.Settings.ACTION_LOCATION_SOURCE_SETTINGS|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.Settings.ACTION_MANAGE_ALL_APPLICATIONS_SETTINGS|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.Settings.ACTION_MANAGE_APPLICATIONS_SETTINGS|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.Settings.ACTION_MEMORY_CARD_SETTINGS|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.Settings.ACTION_MONITORING_CERT_INFO|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.Settings.ACTION_NETWORK_OPERATOR_SETTINGS|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.Settings.ACTION_NFC_PAYMENT_SETTINGS|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.Settings.ACTION_NFC_SETTINGS|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.Settings.ACTION_NFCSHARING_SETTINGS|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.Settings.ACTION_NOTIFICATION_LISTENER_SETTINGS|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.Settings.ACTION_PRINT_SETTINGS|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.Settings.ACTION_PRIVACY_SETTINGS|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.Settings.ACTION_QUICK_LAUNCH_SETTINGS|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.Settings.ACTION_SEARCH_SETTINGS|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.Settings.ACTION_SECURITY_SETTINGS|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.Settings.ACTION_SETTINGS|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.Settings.ACTION_SHOW_INPUT_METHOD_PICKER|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.Settings.ACTION_SOUND_SETTINGS|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.Settings.ACTION_SYNC_SETTINGS|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.Settings.ACTION_SYSTEM_UPDATE_SETTINGS|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.Settings.ACTION_TRUSTED_CREDENTIALS_USER|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.Settings.ACTION_USER_DICTIONARY_INSERT|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.Settings.ACTION_USER_DICTIONARY_SETTINGS|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.Settings.ACTION_WIFI_DISPLAY_SETTINGS|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.Settings.ACTION_WIFI_IP_SETTINGS|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.Settings.ACTION_WIFI_SETTINGS|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.Settings.ACTION_WIRELESS_SETTINGS|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.Settings.AUTHORITY|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.Settings.CALL_METHOD_GET_GLOBAL|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.Settings.CALL_METHOD_GET_SECURE|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.Settings.CALL_METHOD_GET_SYSTEM|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.Settings.CALL_METHOD_PUT_GLOBAL|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.Settings.CALL_METHOD_PUT_SECURE|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.Settings.CALL_METHOD_PUT_SYSTEM|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.Settings.CALL_METHOD_USER_KEY|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.Settings.EXTRA_ACCOUNT_TYPES|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.Settings.EXTRA_AUTHORITIES|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.Settings.EXTRA_INPUT_METHOD_ID|

*android.provider.Settings_Constructors*
|android.provider.Settings()|

*android.provider.Settings_Methods*
|android.provider.Settings.getGTalkDeviceId(long)|Returns the device ID that we

*android.provider.Settings_Description*

The Settings provider contains global system-level device preferences. 



*java.lang.String_android.provider.Settings.ACTION_ACCESSIBILITY_SETTINGS*

Activity Action: Show settings for accessibility modules. 

In some cases, a matching Activity may not exist, so ensure you safeguard 
against this. 

Input: Nothing. 

Output: Nothing. 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.Settings.ACTION_ADD_ACCOUNT*

Activity Action: Show add account screen for creating a new account. 

In some cases, a matching Activity may not exist, so ensure you safeguard 
against this. 

The account types available to add may be restricted by adding an 
(|android.provider.Settings|) extra to the Intent with one or more syncable 
content provider's authorities. Only account types which can sync with that 
content provider will be offered to the user. 

Account types can also be filtered by adding an (|android.provider.Settings|) 
extra to the Intent with one or more account types. 

Input: Nothing. 

Output: Nothing. 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.Settings.ACTION_AIRPLANE_MODE_SETTINGS*

Activity Action: Show settings to allow entering/exiting airplane mode. 

In some cases, a matching Activity may not exist, so ensure you safeguard 
against this. 

Input: Nothing. 

Output: Nothing. 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.Settings.ACTION_APN_SETTINGS*

Activity Action: Show settings to allow configuration of APNs. 

Input: Nothing. 

Output: Nothing. 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.Settings.ACTION_APP_OPS_SETTINGS*




*java.lang.String_android.provider.Settings.ACTION_APPLICATION_DETAILS_SETTINGS*

Activity Action: Show screen of details about a particular application. 

In some cases, a matching Activity may not exist, so ensure you safeguard 
against this. 

Input: The Intent's data URI specifies the application package name to be 
shown, with the "package" scheme. That is "package:com.my.app". 

Output: Nothing. 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.Settings.ACTION_APPLICATION_DEVELOPMENT_SETTINGS*

Activity Action: Show settings to allow configuration of application 
development-related settings. As of (|android.os.Build.VERSION_CODES|) this 
action is a required part of the platform. 

Input: Nothing. 

Output: Nothing. 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.Settings.ACTION_APPLICATION_SETTINGS*

Activity Action: Show settings to allow configuration of application-related 
settings. 

In some cases, a matching Activity may not exist, so ensure you safeguard 
against this. 

Input: Nothing. 

Output: Nothing. 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.Settings.ACTION_BLUETOOTH_SETTINGS*

Activity Action: Show settings to allow configuration of Bluetooth. 

In some cases, a matching Activity may not exist, so ensure you safeguard 
against this. 

Input: Nothing. 

Output: Nothing. 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.Settings.ACTION_CAPTIONING_SETTINGS*

Activity Action: Show settings for video captioning. 

In some cases, a matching Activity may not exist, so ensure you safeguard 
against this. 

Input: Nothing. 

Output: Nothing. 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.Settings.ACTION_DATA_ROAMING_SETTINGS*

Activity Action: Show settings for selection of 2G/3G. 

In some cases, a matching Activity may not exist, so ensure you safeguard 
against this. 

Input: Nothing. 

Output: Nothing. 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.Settings.ACTION_DATE_SETTINGS*

Activity Action: Show settings to allow configuration of date and time. 

In some cases, a matching Activity may not exist, so ensure you safeguard 
against this. 

Input: Nothing. 

Output: Nothing. 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.Settings.ACTION_DEVICE_INFO_SETTINGS*

Activity Action: Show general device information settings (serial number, 
software version, phone number, etc.). 

In some cases, a matching Activity may not exist, so ensure you safeguard 
against this. 

Input: Nothing. 

Output: Nothing 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.Settings.ACTION_DISPLAY_SETTINGS*

Activity Action: Show settings to allow configuration of display. 

In some cases, a matching Activity may not exist, so ensure you safeguard 
against this. 

Input: Nothing. 

Output: Nothing. 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.Settings.ACTION_DREAM_SETTINGS*

Activity Action: Show Daydream settings. 

In some cases, a matching Activity may not exist, so ensure you safeguard 
against this. 

Input: Nothing. 

Output: Nothing. 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.Settings.ACTION_INPUT_METHOD_SETTINGS*

Activity Action: Show settings to configure input methods, in particular 
allowing the user to enable input methods. 

In some cases, a matching Activity may not exist, so ensure you safeguard 
against this. 

Input: Nothing. 

Output: Nothing. 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.Settings.ACTION_INPUT_METHOD_SUBTYPE_SETTINGS*

Activity Action: Show settings to enable/disable input method subtypes. 

In some cases, a matching Activity may not exist, so ensure you safeguard 
against this. 

To tell which input method's subtypes are displayed in the settings, add 
(|android.provider.Settings|) extra to this Intent with the input method id. If 
there is no extra in this Intent, subtypes from all installed input methods 
will be displayed in the settings. 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.Settings.ACTION_INTERNAL_STORAGE_SETTINGS*

Activity Action: Show settings for internal storage. 

In some cases, a matching Activity may not exist, so ensure you safeguard 
against this. 

Input: Nothing. 

Output: Nothing. 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.Settings.ACTION_LOCALE_SETTINGS*

Activity Action: Show settings to allow configuration of locale. 

In some cases, a matching Activity may not exist, so ensure you safeguard 
against this. 

Input: Nothing. 

Output: Nothing. 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.Settings.ACTION_LOCATION_SOURCE_SETTINGS*

Activity Action: Show settings to allow configuration of current location 
sources. 

In some cases, a matching Activity may not exist, so ensure you safeguard 
against this. 

Input: Nothing. 

Output: Nothing. 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.Settings.ACTION_MANAGE_ALL_APPLICATIONS_SETTINGS*

Activity Action: Show settings to manage all applications. 

In some cases, a matching Activity may not exist, so ensure you safeguard 
against this. 

Input: Nothing. 

Output: Nothing. 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.Settings.ACTION_MANAGE_APPLICATIONS_SETTINGS*

Activity Action: Show settings to manage installed applications. 

In some cases, a matching Activity may not exist, so ensure you safeguard 
against this. 

Input: Nothing. 

Output: Nothing. 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.Settings.ACTION_MEMORY_CARD_SETTINGS*

Activity Action: Show settings for memory card storage. 

In some cases, a matching Activity may not exist, so ensure you safeguard 
against this. 

Input: Nothing. 

Output: Nothing. 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.Settings.ACTION_MONITORING_CERT_INFO*

Activity Action: Show dialog explaining that an installed CA cert may enable 
monitoring of encrypted network traffic. 

In some cases, a matching Activity may not exist, so ensure you safeguard 
against this. 

Input: Nothing. 

Output: Nothing. 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.Settings.ACTION_NETWORK_OPERATOR_SETTINGS*

Activity Action: Show settings for selecting the network operator. 

In some cases, a matching Activity may not exist, so ensure you safeguard 
against this. 

Input: Nothing. 

Output: Nothing. 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.Settings.ACTION_NFC_PAYMENT_SETTINGS*

Activity Action: Show NFC Tap & Pay settings 

This shows UI that allows the user to configure Tapsettings. 

In some cases, a matching Activity may not exist, so ensure you safeguard 
against this. 

Input: Nothing. 

Output: Nothing 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.Settings.ACTION_NFC_SETTINGS*

Activity Action: Show NFC settings. 

This shows UI that allows NFC to be turned on or off. 

In some cases, a matching Activity may not exist, so ensure you safeguard 
against this. 

Input: Nothing. 

Output: Nothing 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.Settings.ACTION_NFCSHARING_SETTINGS*

Activity Action: Show NFC Sharing settings. 

This shows UI that allows NDEF Push (Android Beam) to be turned on or off. 

In some cases, a matching Activity may not exist, so ensure you safeguard 
against this. 

Input: Nothing. 

Output: Nothing 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.Settings.ACTION_NOTIFICATION_LISTENER_SETTINGS*

Activity Action: Show Notification listener settings. 

In some cases, a matching Activity may not exist, so ensure you safeguard 
against this. 

Input: Nothing. 

Output: Nothing. 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.Settings.ACTION_PRINT_SETTINGS*

Activity Action: Show the top level print settings. 

In some cases, a matching Activity may not exist, so ensure you safeguard 
against this. 

Input: Nothing. 

Output: Nothing. 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.Settings.ACTION_PRIVACY_SETTINGS*

Activity Action: Show settings to allow configuration of privacy options. 

In some cases, a matching Activity may not exist, so ensure you safeguard 
against this. 

Input: Nothing. 

Output: Nothing. 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.Settings.ACTION_QUICK_LAUNCH_SETTINGS*

Activity Action: Show settings to allow configuration of quick launch 
shortcuts. 

In some cases, a matching Activity may not exist, so ensure you safeguard 
against this. 

Input: Nothing. 

Output: Nothing. 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.Settings.ACTION_SEARCH_SETTINGS*

Activity Action: Show settings for global search. 

In some cases, a matching Activity may not exist, so ensure you safeguard 
against this. 

Input: Nothing. 

Output: Nothing 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.Settings.ACTION_SECURITY_SETTINGS*

Activity Action: Show settings to allow configuration of security and location 
privacy. 

In some cases, a matching Activity may not exist, so ensure you safeguard 
against this. 

Input: Nothing. 

Output: Nothing. 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.Settings.ACTION_SETTINGS*

Activity Action: Show system settings. 

Input: Nothing. 

Output: Nothing. 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.Settings.ACTION_SHOW_INPUT_METHOD_PICKER*

Activity Action: Show a dialog to select input method. 

In some cases, a matching Activity may not exist, so ensure you safeguard 
against this. 

Input: Nothing. 

Output: Nothing. 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.Settings.ACTION_SOUND_SETTINGS*

Activity Action: Show settings to allow configuration of sound and volume. 

In some cases, a matching Activity may not exist, so ensure you safeguard 
against this. 

Input: Nothing. 

Output: Nothing. 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.Settings.ACTION_SYNC_SETTINGS*

Activity Action: Show settings to allow configuration of sync settings. 

In some cases, a matching Activity may not exist, so ensure you safeguard 
against this. 

The account types available to add via the add account button may be restricted 
by adding an (|android.provider.Settings|) extra to this Intent with one or 
more syncable content provider's authorities. Only account types which can sync 
with that content provider will be offered to the user. 

Input: Nothing. 

Output: Nothing. 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.Settings.ACTION_SYSTEM_UPDATE_SETTINGS*

Activity Action: Show settings for system update functionality. 

In some cases, a matching Activity may not exist, so ensure you safeguard 
against this. 

Input: Nothing. 

Output: Nothing. 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.Settings.ACTION_TRUSTED_CREDENTIALS_USER*

Activity Action: Show trusted credentials settings, opening to the user tab, to 
allow management of installed credentials. 

In some cases, a matching Activity may not exist, so ensure you safeguard 
against this. 

Input: Nothing. 

Output: Nothing. 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.Settings.ACTION_USER_DICTIONARY_INSERT*

Activity Action: Adds a word to the user dictionary. 

In some cases, a matching Activity may not exist, so ensure you safeguard 
against this. 

Input: An extra with key word that contains the word that should be added to 
the dictionary. 

Output: Nothing. 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.Settings.ACTION_USER_DICTIONARY_SETTINGS*

Activity Action: Show settings to manage the user input dictionary. 

Starting with (|android.os.Build.VERSION_CODES|) , it is guaranteed there will 
always be an appropriate implementation for this Intent action. In prior 
releases of the platform this was optional, so ensure you safeguard against it. 

Input: Nothing. 

Output: Nothing. 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.Settings.ACTION_WIFI_DISPLAY_SETTINGS*

Activity Action: Show settings to allow configuration of Wifi Displays. 

In some cases, a matching Activity may not exist, so ensure you safeguard 
against this. 

Input: Nothing. 

Output: Nothing. 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.Settings.ACTION_WIFI_IP_SETTINGS*

Activity Action: Show settings to allow configuration of a static IP address 
for Wi-Fi. 

In some cases, a matching Activity may not exist, so ensure you safeguard 
against this. 

Input: Nothing. 

Output: Nothing. 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.Settings.ACTION_WIFI_SETTINGS*

Activity Action: Show settings to allow configuration of Wi-Fi. 

In some cases, a matching Activity may not exist, so ensure you safeguard 
against this. 

Input: Nothing. 

Output: Nothing. 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.Settings.ACTION_WIRELESS_SETTINGS*

Activity Action: Show settings to allow configuration of wireless controls such 
as Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and Mobile networks. 

In some cases, a matching Activity may not exist, so ensure you safeguard 
against this. 

Input: Nothing. 

Output: Nothing. 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.Settings.AUTHORITY*




*java.lang.String_android.provider.Settings.CALL_METHOD_GET_GLOBAL*




*java.lang.String_android.provider.Settings.CALL_METHOD_GET_SECURE*




*java.lang.String_android.provider.Settings.CALL_METHOD_GET_SYSTEM*




*java.lang.String_android.provider.Settings.CALL_METHOD_PUT_GLOBAL*




*java.lang.String_android.provider.Settings.CALL_METHOD_PUT_SECURE*




*java.lang.String_android.provider.Settings.CALL_METHOD_PUT_SYSTEM*




*java.lang.String_android.provider.Settings.CALL_METHOD_USER_KEY*




*java.lang.String_android.provider.Settings.EXTRA_ACCOUNT_TYPES*

Activity Extra: Limit available options in launched activity based on the given 
account types. 

This can be passed as an extra field in an Activity Intent with one or more 
account types as a String[]. This field is used by some intents to alter the 
behavior of the called activity. 

Example: The (|android.provider.Settings|) intent restricts the account types 
to the specified list. 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.Settings.EXTRA_AUTHORITIES*

Activity Extra: Limit available options in launched activity based on the given 
authority. 

This can be passed as an extra field in an Activity Intent with one or more 
syncable content provider's authorities as a String[]. This field is used by 
some intents to alter the behavior of the called activity. 

Example: The (|android.provider.Settings|) intent restricts the account types 
available based on the authority given. 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.Settings.EXTRA_INPUT_METHOD_ID*





*android.provider.Settings()*

public Settings()




*android.provider.Settings.getGTalkDeviceId(long)*

public static |java.lang.String| getGTalkDeviceId(long androidId)

Returns the device ID that we should use when connecting to the mobile gtalk 
server. This is a string like "android-0x1242", where the hex string is the 
Android ID obtained from the GoogleLoginService. 


    androidId - The Android ID for this device. 

    Returns: The device ID that should be used when connecting to the mobile gtalk server. 


