*android.app.ApplicationErrorReport* *ApplicationErrorReport* Describes an appli

public class ApplicationErrorReport
  extends    |java.lang.Object|
  implements |android.os.Parcelable|

|android.app.ApplicationErrorReport_Description|
|android.app.ApplicationErrorReport_Fields|
|android.app.ApplicationErrorReport_Constructors|
|android.app.ApplicationErrorReport_Methods|

================================================================================

*android.app.ApplicationErrorReport_Fields*
|android.app.ApplicationErrorReport.AnrInfo_android.app.ApplicationErrorReport.anrInfo|
|android.app.ApplicationErrorReport.BatteryInfo_android.app.ApplicationErrorReport.batteryInfo|
|android.app.ApplicationErrorReport.CrashInfo_android.app.ApplicationErrorReport.crashInfo|
|android.os.Parcelable.Creator<android.app.ApplicationErrorReport>_android.app.ApplicationErrorReport.CREATOR|
|java.lang.String_android.app.ApplicationErrorReport.installerPackageName|
|java.lang.String_android.app.ApplicationErrorReport.packageName|
|java.lang.String_android.app.ApplicationErrorReport.processName|
|android.app.ApplicationErrorReport.RunningServiceInfo_android.app.ApplicationErrorReport.runningServiceInfo|
|boolean_android.app.ApplicationErrorReport.systemApp|
|long_android.app.ApplicationErrorReport.time|
|int_android.app.ApplicationErrorReport.type|
|int_android.app.ApplicationErrorReport.TYPE_ANR|
|int_android.app.ApplicationErrorReport.TYPE_BATTERY|
|int_android.app.ApplicationErrorReport.TYPE_CRASH|
|int_android.app.ApplicationErrorReport.TYPE_NONE|
|int_android.app.ApplicationErrorReport.TYPE_RUNNING_SERVICE|

*android.app.ApplicationErrorReport_Constructors*
|android.app.ApplicationErrorReport()|Create an uninitialized instance ofApplic

*android.app.ApplicationErrorReport_Methods*
|android.app.ApplicationErrorReport.describeContents()|
|android.app.ApplicationErrorReport.dump(Printer,String)|Dump the report to a P
|android.app.ApplicationErrorReport.getErrorReportReceiver(Context,String,int)|
|android.app.ApplicationErrorReport.readFromParcel(Parcel)|
|android.app.ApplicationErrorReport.writeToParcel(Parcel,int)|

*android.app.ApplicationErrorReport_Description*

Describes an application error. 

A report has a type, which is one of 

(|android.app.ApplicationErrorReport|) uninitialized instance of 
(|android.app.ApplicationErrorReport|) . (|android.app.ApplicationErrorReport|) 
application crash. Information about the crash is stored in 
(|android.app.ApplicationErrorReport|) . (|android.app.ApplicationErrorReport|) 
application not responding. Information about the ANR is stored in 
(|android.app.ApplicationErrorReport|) . (|android.app.ApplicationErrorReport|) 
user reported application is using too much battery. Information about the 
battery use is stored in (|android.app.ApplicationErrorReport|) . 
(|android.app.ApplicationErrorReport|) user reported application is leaving an 
unneeded serive running. Information about the battery use is stored in 
(|android.app.ApplicationErrorReport|) . 



*android.app.ApplicationErrorReport.AnrInfo_android.app.ApplicationErrorReport.anrInfo*

If this report is of type (|android.app.ApplicationErrorReport|) , contains an 
instance of AnrInfo describing the ANR; otherwise null. 


*android.app.ApplicationErrorReport.BatteryInfo_android.app.ApplicationErrorReport.batteryInfo*

If this report is of type (|android.app.ApplicationErrorReport|) , contains an 
instance of BatteryInfo; otherwise null. 


*android.app.ApplicationErrorReport.CrashInfo_android.app.ApplicationErrorReport.crashInfo*

If this report is of type (|android.app.ApplicationErrorReport|) , contains an 
instance of CrashInfo describing the crash; otherwise null. 


*android.os.Parcelable.Creator<android.app.ApplicationErrorReport>_android.app.ApplicationErrorReport.CREATOR*




*java.lang.String_android.app.ApplicationErrorReport.installerPackageName*

Package name of the application which installed the application this report 
pertains to. This identifies which market the application came from. 


*java.lang.String_android.app.ApplicationErrorReport.packageName*

Package name of the application. 


*java.lang.String_android.app.ApplicationErrorReport.processName*

Process name of the application. 


*android.app.ApplicationErrorReport.RunningServiceInfo_android.app.ApplicationErrorReport.runningServiceInfo*

If this report is of type (|android.app.ApplicationErrorReport|) , contains an 
instance of RunningServiceInfo; otherwise null. 


*boolean_android.app.ApplicationErrorReport.systemApp*

Set if the app is on the system image. 


*long_android.app.ApplicationErrorReport.time*

Time at which the error occurred. 


*int_android.app.ApplicationErrorReport.type*

Type of this report. Can be one of (|android.app.ApplicationErrorReport|) , 
(|android.app.ApplicationErrorReport|) , (|android.app.ApplicationErrorReport|) 
, (|android.app.ApplicationErrorReport|) , or 
(|android.app.ApplicationErrorReport|) . 


*int_android.app.ApplicationErrorReport.TYPE_ANR*

An error report about an application that's not responding. 


*int_android.app.ApplicationErrorReport.TYPE_BATTERY*

An error report about an application that's consuming too much battery. 


*int_android.app.ApplicationErrorReport.TYPE_CRASH*

An error report about an application crash. 


*int_android.app.ApplicationErrorReport.TYPE_NONE*

Uninitialized error report. 


*int_android.app.ApplicationErrorReport.TYPE_RUNNING_SERVICE*

A report from a user to a developer about a running service that the user 
doesn't think should be running. 



*android.app.ApplicationErrorReport()*

public ApplicationErrorReport()

Create an uninitialized instance of (|android.app.ApplicationErrorReport|) . 


*android.app.ApplicationErrorReport.describeContents()*

public int describeContents()





*android.app.ApplicationErrorReport.dump(Printer,String)*

public void dump(
  android.util.Printer pw,
  java.lang.String prefix)

Dump the report to a Printer. 



*android.app.ApplicationErrorReport.getErrorReportReceiver(Context,String,int)*

public static |android.content.ComponentName| getErrorReportReceiver(
  android.content.Context context,
  java.lang.String packageName,
  int appFlags)





*android.app.ApplicationErrorReport.readFromParcel(Parcel)*

public void readFromParcel(android.os.Parcel in)





*android.app.ApplicationErrorReport.writeToParcel(Parcel,int)*

public void writeToParcel(
  android.os.Parcel dest,
  int flags)






