*android.printservice.PrinterDiscoverySession* *PrinterDiscoverySession* This cl

public abstract class PrinterDiscoverySession
  extends    |java.lang.Object|

|android.printservice.PrinterDiscoverySession_Description|
|android.printservice.PrinterDiscoverySession_Fields|
|android.printservice.PrinterDiscoverySession_Constructors|
|android.printservice.PrinterDiscoverySession_Methods|

================================================================================

*android.printservice.PrinterDiscoverySession_Constructors*
|android.printservice.PrinterDiscoverySession()|Constructor.

*android.printservice.PrinterDiscoverySession_Methods*
|android.printservice.PrinterDiscoverySession.addPrinters(List<PrinterInfo>)|Ad
|android.printservice.PrinterDiscoverySession.getPrinters()|Gets the printers r
|android.printservice.PrinterDiscoverySession.getTrackedPrinters()|Gets the pri
|android.printservice.PrinterDiscoverySession.isDestroyed()|Gets whether the se
|android.printservice.PrinterDiscoverySession.isPrinterDiscoveryStarted()|Gets 
|android.printservice.PrinterDiscoverySession.onDestroy()|Notifies you that the
|android.printservice.PrinterDiscoverySession.onStartPrinterDiscovery(List<PrinterId>)|
|android.printservice.PrinterDiscoverySession.onStartPrinterStateTracking(PrinterId)|
|android.printservice.PrinterDiscoverySession.onStopPrinterDiscovery()|Callback
|android.printservice.PrinterDiscoverySession.onStopPrinterStateTracking(PrinterId)|
|android.printservice.PrinterDiscoverySession.onValidatePrinters(List<PrinterId>)|
|android.printservice.PrinterDiscoverySession.removePrinters(List<PrinterId>)|R

*android.printservice.PrinterDiscoverySession_Description*

This class encapsulates the interaction between a print service and the system 
during printer discovery. During printer discovery you are responsible for 
adding discovered printers, removing previously added printers that 
disappeared, and updating already added printers. 

During the lifetime of this session you may be asked to start and stop 
performing printer discovery multiple times. You will receive a call to 
(|android.printservice.PrinterDiscoverySession|) to start printer discovery and 
a call to (|android.printservice.PrinterDiscoverySession|) to stop printer 
discovery. When the system is no longer interested in printers discovered by 
this session you will receive a call to 
(|android.printservice.PrinterDiscoverySession|) at which point the system will 
no longer call into the session and all the session methods will do nothing. 

Discovered printers are added by invoking 
(|android.printservice.PrinterDiscoverySession|) . Added printers that 
disappeared are removed by invoking 
(|android.printservice.PrinterDiscoverySession|) . Added printers whose 
properties or capabilities changed are updated through a call to 
(|android.printservice.PrinterDiscoverySession|) . The printers added in this 
session can be acquired via (|android.printservice.PrinterDiscoverySession|) 
where the returned printers will be an up-to-date snapshot of the printers that 
you reported during the session. Printers are not persisted across sessions. 

The system will make a call to (|android.printservice.PrinterDiscoverySession|) 
if you need to update some printers. It is possible that you add a printer 
without specifying its capabilities. This enables you to avoid querying all 
discovered printers for their capabilities, rather querying the capabilities of 
a printer only if necessary. For example, the system will request that you 
update a printer if it gets selected by the user. When validating printers you 
do not need to provide the printers' capabilities but may do so. 

If the system is interested in being constantly updated for the state of a 
printer you will receive a call to 
(|android.printservice.PrinterDiscoverySession|) after which you will have to 
do a best effort to keep the system updated for changes in the printer state 
and capabilities. You also must update the printer capabilities if you did not 
provide them when adding it, or the printer will be ignored. When the system is 
no longer interested in getting updates for a printer you will receive a call 
to (|android.printservice.PrinterDiscoverySession|) . 

Note: All callbacks in this class are executed on the main application thread. 
You also have to invoke any method of this class on the main application 
thread. 



*android.printservice.PrinterDiscoverySession()*

public PrinterDiscoverySession()

Constructor. 


*android.printservice.PrinterDiscoverySession.addPrinters(List<PrinterInfo>)*

public final void addPrinters(java.util.List<android.print.PrinterInfo> printers)

Adds discovered printers. Adding an already added printer updates it. Removed 
printers can be added again. You can call this method multiple times during the 
life of this session. Duplicates will be ignored. 

Note: Calls to this method after the session is destroyed, that is after the 
(|android.printservice.PrinterDiscoverySession|) callback, will be ignored. 


    printers - The printers to add. 

*android.printservice.PrinterDiscoverySession.getPrinters()*

public final |java.util.List|<PrinterInfo> getPrinters()

Gets the printers reported in this session. For example, if you add two 
printers and remove one of them, the returned list will contain only the 
printer that was added but not removed. 

Note: Calls to this method after the session is destroyed, that is after the 
(|android.printservice.PrinterDiscoverySession|) callback, will be ignored. 



    Returns: The printers. 

*android.printservice.PrinterDiscoverySession.getTrackedPrinters()*

public final |java.util.List|<PrinterId> getTrackedPrinters()

Gets the printers that should be tracked. These are printers that are important 
to the user and for which you received a call to 
(|android.printservice.PrinterDiscoverySession|) asking you to observer their 
state and reporting it to the system via 
(|android.printservice.PrinterDiscoverySession|) . You will receive a call to 
(|android.printservice.PrinterDiscoverySession|) if you should stop tracking a 
printer. 

Note: Calls to this method after the session is destroyed, that is after the 
(|android.printservice.PrinterDiscoverySession|) callback, will be ignored. 



    Returns: The printers. 

*android.printservice.PrinterDiscoverySession.isDestroyed()*

public final boolean isDestroyed()

Gets whether the session is destroyed. 



    Returns: Whether the session is destroyed. 

*android.printservice.PrinterDiscoverySession.isPrinterDiscoveryStarted()*

public final boolean isPrinterDiscoveryStarted()

Gets whether printer discovery is started. 



    Returns: Whether printer discovery is destroyed. 

*android.printservice.PrinterDiscoverySession.onDestroy()*

public abstract void onDestroy()

Notifies you that the session is destroyed. After this callback is invoked any 
calls to the methods of this class will be ignored, 
(|android.printservice.PrinterDiscoverySession|) will return true and you will 
also no longer receive callbacks. 



*android.printservice.PrinterDiscoverySession.onStartPrinterDiscovery(List<PrinterId>)*

public abstract void onStartPrinterDiscovery(java.util.List<android.print.PrinterId> priorityList)

Callback asking you to start printer discovery. Discovered printers should be 
added via calling (|android.printservice.PrinterDiscoverySession|) . Added 
printers that disappeared should be removed via calling 
(|android.printservice.PrinterDiscoverySession|) . Added printers whose 
properties or capabilities changed should be updated via calling 
(|android.printservice.PrinterDiscoverySession|) . You will receive a call to 
(|android.printservice.PrinterDiscoverySession|) when you should stop printer 
discovery. 

During the lifetime of this session all printers that are known to your print 
service have to be added. The system does not retain any printers across 
sessions. However, if you were asked to start and then stop performing printer 
discovery in this session, then a subsequent discovering should not re-discover 
already discovered printers. You can get the printers reported during this 
session by calling (|android.printservice.PrinterDiscoverySession|) . 

Note: You are also given a list of printers whose availability has to be 
checked first. For example, these printers could be the user's favorite ones, 
therefore they have to be verified first. You do not need to provide the 
capabilities of the printers, rather verify whether they exist similarly to 
(|android.printservice.PrinterDiscoverySession|) . 


    priorityList - The list of printers to validate first. Never null. 

*android.printservice.PrinterDiscoverySession.onStartPrinterStateTracking(PrinterId)*

public abstract void onStartPrinterStateTracking(android.print.PrinterId printerId)

Callback asking you to start tracking the state of a printer. Tracking the 
state means that you should do a best effort to observe the state of this 
printer and notify the system if that state changes via calling 
(|android.printservice.PrinterDiscoverySession|) . 

Note: A printer can be initially added without its capabilities to avoid 
polling printers that the user will not select. However, after this method is 
called you are expected to update the printer including its capabilities. 
Otherwise, the printer will be ignored. 

A scenario when you may be requested to track a printer's state is if the user 
selects that printer and the system has to present print options UI based on 
the printer's capabilities. In this case the user should be promptly informed 
if, for example, the printer becomes unavailable. 


    printerId - The printer to start tracking. 

*android.printservice.PrinterDiscoverySession.onStopPrinterDiscovery()*

public abstract void onStopPrinterDiscovery()

Callback notifying you that you should stop printer discovery. 



*android.printservice.PrinterDiscoverySession.onStopPrinterStateTracking(PrinterId)*

public abstract void onStopPrinterStateTracking(android.print.PrinterId printerId)

Callback asking you to stop tracking the state of a printer. The passed in 
printer id is the one for which you received a call to 
(|android.printservice.PrinterDiscoverySession|) . 


    printerId - The printer to stop tracking. 

*android.printservice.PrinterDiscoverySession.onValidatePrinters(List<PrinterId>)*

public abstract void onValidatePrinters(java.util.List<android.print.PrinterId> printerIds)

Callback asking you to validate that the given printers are valid, that is they 
exist. You are responsible for checking whether these printers exist and for 
the ones that do exist notify the system via calling 
(|android.printservice.PrinterDiscoverySession|) . 

Note: You are not required to provide the printer capabilities when updating 
the printers that do exist. 


    printerIds - The printers to validate. 

*android.printservice.PrinterDiscoverySession.removePrinters(List<PrinterId>)*

public final void removePrinters(java.util.List<android.print.PrinterId> printerIds)

Removes added printers. Removing an already removed or never added printer has 
no effect. Removed printers can be added again. You can call this method 
multiple times during the lifetime of this session. 

Note: Calls to this method after the session is destroyed, that is after the 
(|android.printservice.PrinterDiscoverySession|) callback, will be ignored. 


    printerIds - The ids of the removed printers. 


