*android.hardware.SensorListener* *SensorListener* Used for receiving notificati

public interface interface SensorListener


|android.hardware.SensorListener_Description|
|android.hardware.SensorListener_Fields|
|android.hardware.SensorListener_Constructors|
|android.hardware.SensorListener_Methods|

================================================================================

*android.hardware.SensorListener_Methods*
|android.hardware.SensorListener.onAccuracyChanged(int,int)|Called when the acc
|android.hardware.SensorListener.onSensorChanged(int,float[])|Called when senso

*android.hardware.SensorListener_Description*

Used for receiving notifications from the SensorManager when sensor values have 
changed. 


  Deprecated: Use 
 {@link android.hardware.SensorEventListener SensorEventListener} instead.

*android.hardware.SensorListener.onAccuracyChanged(int,int)*

public void onAccuracyChanged(
  int sensor,
  int accuracy)

Called when the accuracy of a sensor has changed. See 
SensorManager(|android.hardware.SensorManager|) for details. 


    sensor - The ID of the sensor being monitored 
    accuracy - The new accuracy of this sensor. 

*android.hardware.SensorListener.onSensorChanged(int,float[])*

public void onSensorChanged(
  int sensor,
  float[] values)

Called when sensor values have changed. The length and contents of the values 
array vary depending on which sensor is being monitored. See 
SensorManager(|android.hardware.SensorManager|) for details on possible sensor 
types. 

Definition of the coordinate system used below. The X axis refers to the 
screen's horizontal axis (the small edge in portrait mode, the long edge in 
landscape mode) and points to the right. The Y axis refers to the screen's 
vertical axis and points towards the top of the screen (the origin is in the 
lower-left corner). The Z axis points toward the sky when the device is lying 
on its back on a table. IMPORTANT NOTE: The axis are swapped when the device's 
screen orientation changes. To access the unswapped values, use indices 3, 4 
and 5 in values[]. 

SENSOR_ORIENTATION(|android.hardware.SensorManager|) , 
SENSOR_ORIENTATION_RAW(|android.hardware.SensorManager|) : All values are 
angles in degrees. 

values[0]: Azimuth, rotation around the Z axis (0values[1]: Pitch, rotation 
around X axis (-180values[2]: Roll, rotation around Y axis (-90Note that this 
definition of yaw, pitch and roll is different from the traditional definition 
used in aviation where the X axis is along the long side of the plane (tail to 
nose). 

SENSOR_ACCELEROMETER(|android.hardware.SensorManager|) : All values are in SI 
units (m/s^2) and measure contact forces. 

values[0]: force applied by the device on the x-axis values[1]: force applied 
by the device on the y-axis values[2]: force applied by the device on the 
z-axis 

Examples: When the device is pushed on its left side toward the right, the x 
acceleration value is negative (the device applies a reaction force to the push 
toward the left) 

When the device lies flat on a table, the acceleration value is 
-STANDARD_GRAVITY(|android.hardware.SensorManager|) , which correspond to the 
force the device applies on the table in reaction to gravity. 

SENSOR_MAGNETIC_FIELD(|android.hardware.SensorManager|) : All values are in 
micro-Tesla (uT) and measure the ambient magnetic field in the X, Y and -Z 
axis. Note: the magnetic field's Z axis is inverted. 


    sensor - The ID of the sensor being monitored 
    values - The new values for the sensor. 


