*android.hardware.camera2.Face* *Face* Describes a face detected in an image.

public final class Face
  extends    |java.lang.Object|

|android.hardware.camera2.Face_Description|
|android.hardware.camera2.Face_Fields|
|android.hardware.camera2.Face_Constructors|
|android.hardware.camera2.Face_Methods|

================================================================================

*android.hardware.camera2.Face_Fields*
|int_android.hardware.camera2.Face.ID_UNSUPPORTED|
|int_android.hardware.camera2.Face.SCORE_MAX|
|int_android.hardware.camera2.Face.SCORE_MIN|

*android.hardware.camera2.Face_Constructors*
|android.hardware.camera2.Face(Rect,int)|Create a new face without the optional
|android.hardware.camera2.Face(Rect,int,int,Point,Point,Point)|Create a new fac

*android.hardware.camera2.Face_Methods*
|android.hardware.camera2.Face.getBounds()|Bounds of the face.
|android.hardware.camera2.Face.getId()|An unique id per face while the face is 
|android.hardware.camera2.Face.getLeftEyePosition()|The coordinates of the cent
|android.hardware.camera2.Face.getMouthPosition()|The coordinates of the center
|android.hardware.camera2.Face.getRightEyePosition()|The coordinates of the cen
|android.hardware.camera2.Face.getScore()|The confidence level for the detectio
|android.hardware.camera2.Face.toString()|Represent the Face as a string for de

*android.hardware.camera2.Face_Description*

Describes a face detected in an image. 



*int_android.hardware.camera2.Face.ID_UNSUPPORTED*

The ID is-1when the optional set of fields is unsupported. 


*int_android.hardware.camera2.Face.SCORE_MAX*

The maximum possible value for the confidence level. 


*int_android.hardware.camera2.Face.SCORE_MIN*

The minimum possible value for the confidence level. 



*android.hardware.camera2.Face(Rect,int)*

public Face(
  Rect bounds,
  int score)

Create a new face without the optional fields. 

The id, leftEyePosition, rightEyePosition, and mouthPosition are considered 
optional. If the id is#ID_UNSUPPORTEDthen the leftEyePosition, 
rightEyePosition, and mouthPositions are guaranteed to benull. Otherwise, each 
of leftEyePosition, rightEyePosition, and mouthPosition may be independently 
null or not-null. When devices report the value of key 
(|android.hardware.camera2.CaptureResult|) as 
(|android.hardware.camera2.CameraMetadata|) in 
(|android.hardware.camera2.CaptureResult|) , the face id of each face is 
expected to be#ID_UNSUPPORTED, the leftEyePosition, rightEyePosition, and 
mouthPositions are expected to benullfor each face. 

    bounds - Bounds of the face. 
    score - Confidence level between {@value #SCORE_MIN}-{@value #SCORE_MAX}. 

*android.hardware.camera2.Face(Rect,int,int,Point,Point,Point)*

public Face(
  Rect bounds,
  int score,
  int id,
  Point leftEyePosition,
  Point rightEyePosition,
  Point mouthPosition)

Create a new face with all fields set. 

The id, leftEyePosition, rightEyePosition, and mouthPosition are considered 
optional. They are only required when the 
(|android.hardware.camera2.CaptureResult|) reports that the value of key 
(|android.hardware.camera2.CaptureResult|) is 
(|android.hardware.camera2.CameraMetadata|) . If the id is#ID_UNSUPPORTEDthen 
the leftEyePosition, rightEyePosition, and mouthPositions are guaranteed to 
benull. Otherwise, each of leftEyePosition, rightEyePosition, and mouthPosition 
may be independently null or not-null. 

    bounds - Bounds of the face. 
    score - Confidence level between {@value #SCORE_MIN}-{@value #SCORE_MAX}. 
    id - A unique ID per face visible to the tracker. 
    leftEyePosition - The position of the left eye. 
    rightEyePosition - The position of the right eye. 
    mouthPosition - The position of the mouth. 

*android.hardware.camera2.Face.getBounds()*

public Rect getBounds()

Bounds of the face. 

A rectangle relative to the sensor's 
(|android.hardware.camera2.CameraCharacteristics|) , with (0,0) representing 
the top-left corner of the active array rectangle. 

There is no constraints on the the Rectangle value other than it is not-null. 



*android.hardware.camera2.Face.getId()*

public int getId()

An unique id per face while the face is visible to the tracker. 

If the face leaves the field-of-view and comes back, it will get a new id. 

This is an optional field, may not be supported on all devices. If the id 
is#ID_UNSUPPORTEDthen the leftEyePosition, rightEyePosition, and mouthPositions 
are guaranteed to benull. Otherwise, each of leftEyePosition, rightEyePosition, 
and mouthPosition may be independently null or not-null. When devices report 
the value of key (|android.hardware.camera2.CaptureResult|) as 
(|android.hardware.camera2.CameraMetadata|) in 
(|android.hardware.camera2.CaptureResult|) , the face id of each face is 
expected to be#ID_UNSUPPORTED. 

This value will either be#ID_UNSUPPORTEDor otherwise greater than0. 



*android.hardware.camera2.Face.getLeftEyePosition()*

public Point getLeftEyePosition()

The coordinates of the center of the left eye. 

The coordinates are in the same space as the ones for 
(|android.hardware.camera2.Face|) . This is an optional field, may not be 
supported on all devices. If not supported, the value will always be set to 
null. This value will always be null only if (|android.hardware.camera2.Face|) 
returns#ID_UNSUPPORTED. 



    Returns: The left eye position, or {@code null} if unknown. 

*android.hardware.camera2.Face.getMouthPosition()*

public Point getMouthPosition()

The coordinates of the center of the mouth. 

The coordinates are in the same space as the ones for 
(|android.hardware.camera2.Face|) . This is an optional field, may not be 
supported on all devices. If not supported, the value will always be set to 
null. This value will always be null only if (|android.hardware.camera2.Face|) 
returns#ID_UNSUPPORTED. 



    Returns: The mouth position, or {@code null} if unknown. 

*android.hardware.camera2.Face.getRightEyePosition()*

public Point getRightEyePosition()

The coordinates of the center of the right eye. 

The coordinates are in the same space as the ones for 
(|android.hardware.camera2.Face|) .This is an optional field, may not be 
supported on all devices. If not supported, the value will always be set to 
null. This value will always be null only if (|android.hardware.camera2.Face|) 
returns#ID_UNSUPPORTED. 



    Returns: The right eye position, or {@code null} if unknown. 

*android.hardware.camera2.Face.getScore()*

public int getScore()

The confidence level for the detection of the face. 

The range is#SCORE_MINto#SCORE_MAX.#SCORE_MAXis the highest confidence. 

Depending on the device, even very low-confidence faces may be listed, so 
applications should filter out faces with low confidence, depending on the use 
case. For a typical point-and-shoot camera application that wishes to display 
rectangles around detected faces, filtering out faces with confidence less than 
half of#SCORE_MAXis recommended. 



*android.hardware.camera2.Face.toString()*

public |java.lang.String| toString()

Represent the Face as a string for debugging purposes. 




