*android.text.Selection* *Selection* Utility class for manipulating cursors and 

public class Selection
  extends    |java.lang.Object|

|android.text.Selection_Description|
|android.text.Selection_Fields|
|android.text.Selection_Constructors|
|android.text.Selection_Methods|

================================================================================

*android.text.Selection_Fields*
|java.lang.Object_android.text.Selection.SELECTION_END|
|java.lang.Object_android.text.Selection.SELECTION_START|

*android.text.Selection_Methods*
|android.text.Selection.extendDown(Spannable,Layout)|Move the selection end to 
|android.text.Selection.extendLeft(Spannable,Layout)|Move the selection end to 
|android.text.Selection.extendRight(Spannable,Layout)|Move the selection end to
|android.text.Selection.extendSelection(Spannable,int)|Move the selection edge 
|android.text.Selection.extendToLeftEdge(Spannable,Layout)|
|android.text.Selection.extendToRightEdge(Spannable,Layout)|
|android.text.Selection.extendUp(Spannable,Layout)|Move the selection end to th
|android.text.Selection.getSelectionEnd(CharSequence)|Return the offset of the 
|android.text.Selection.getSelectionStart(CharSequence)|Return the offset of th
|android.text.Selection.moveDown(Spannable,Layout)|Move the cursor to the buffe
|android.text.Selection.moveLeft(Spannable,Layout)|Move the cursor to the buffe
|android.text.Selection.moveRight(Spannable,Layout)|Move the cursor to the buff
|android.text.Selection.moveToFollowing(Spannable,Selection.PositionIterator,boolean)|
|android.text.Selection.moveToLeftEdge(Spannable,Layout)|
|android.text.Selection.moveToPreceding(Spannable,Selection.PositionIterator,boolean)|
|android.text.Selection.moveToRightEdge(Spannable,Layout)|
|android.text.Selection.moveUp(Spannable,Layout)|Move the cursor to the buffer 
|android.text.Selection.removeSelection(Spannable)|Remove the selection or curs
|android.text.Selection.selectAll(Spannable)|Select the entire text.
|android.text.Selection.setSelection(Spannable,int)|Move the cursor to offset i
|android.text.Selection.setSelection(Spannable,int,int)|Set the selection ancho

*android.text.Selection_Description*

Utility class for manipulating cursors and selections in CharSequences. A 
cursor is a selection where the start and end are at the same offset. 



*java.lang.Object_android.text.Selection.SELECTION_END*




*java.lang.Object_android.text.Selection.SELECTION_START*





*android.text.Selection.extendDown(Spannable,Layout)*

public static boolean extendDown(
  android.text.Spannable text,
  android.text.Layout layout)

Move the selection end to the buffer offset physically below the current 
selection end. 



*android.text.Selection.extendLeft(Spannable,Layout)*

public static boolean extendLeft(
  android.text.Spannable text,
  android.text.Layout layout)

Move the selection end to the buffer offset physically to the left of the 
current selection end. 



*android.text.Selection.extendRight(Spannable,Layout)*

public static boolean extendRight(
  android.text.Spannable text,
  android.text.Layout layout)

Move the selection end to the buffer offset physically to the right of the 
current selection end. 



*android.text.Selection.extendSelection(Spannable,int)*

public static final void extendSelection(
  android.text.Spannable text,
  int index)

Move the selection edge to offset index. 



*android.text.Selection.extendToLeftEdge(Spannable,Layout)*

public static boolean extendToLeftEdge(
  android.text.Spannable text,
  android.text.Layout layout)





*android.text.Selection.extendToRightEdge(Spannable,Layout)*

public static boolean extendToRightEdge(
  android.text.Spannable text,
  android.text.Layout layout)





*android.text.Selection.extendUp(Spannable,Layout)*

public static boolean extendUp(
  android.text.Spannable text,
  android.text.Layout layout)

Move the selection end to the buffer offset physically above the current 
selection end. 



*android.text.Selection.getSelectionEnd(CharSequence)*

public static final int getSelectionEnd(java.lang.CharSequence text)

Return the offset of the selection edge or cursor, or -1 if there is no 
selection or cursor. 



*android.text.Selection.getSelectionStart(CharSequence)*

public static final int getSelectionStart(java.lang.CharSequence text)

Return the offset of the selection anchor or cursor, or -1 if there is no 
selection or cursor. 



*android.text.Selection.moveDown(Spannable,Layout)*

public static boolean moveDown(
  android.text.Spannable text,
  android.text.Layout layout)

Move the cursor to the buffer offset physically below the current offset, or 
return false if the cursor is already on the bottom line. 



*android.text.Selection.moveLeft(Spannable,Layout)*

public static boolean moveLeft(
  android.text.Spannable text,
  android.text.Layout layout)

Move the cursor to the buffer offset physically to the left of the current 
offset, or return false if the cursor is already at the left edge of the line 
and there is not another line to move it to. 



*android.text.Selection.moveRight(Spannable,Layout)*

public static boolean moveRight(
  android.text.Spannable text,
  android.text.Layout layout)

Move the cursor to the buffer offset physically to the right of the current 
offset, or return false if the cursor is already at at the right edge of the 
line and there is not another line to move it to. 



*android.text.Selection.moveToFollowing(Spannable,Selection.PositionIterator,boolean)*

public static boolean moveToFollowing(
  android.text.Spannable text,
  android.text.Selection.PositionIterator iter,
  boolean extendSelection)





*android.text.Selection.moveToLeftEdge(Spannable,Layout)*

public static boolean moveToLeftEdge(
  android.text.Spannable text,
  android.text.Layout layout)





*android.text.Selection.moveToPreceding(Spannable,Selection.PositionIterator,boolean)*

public static boolean moveToPreceding(
  android.text.Spannable text,
  android.text.Selection.PositionIterator iter,
  boolean extendSelection)





*android.text.Selection.moveToRightEdge(Spannable,Layout)*

public static boolean moveToRightEdge(
  android.text.Spannable text,
  android.text.Layout layout)





*android.text.Selection.moveUp(Spannable,Layout)*

public static boolean moveUp(
  android.text.Spannable text,
  android.text.Layout layout)

Move the cursor to the buffer offset physically above the current offset, or 
return false if the cursor is already on the top line. 



*android.text.Selection.removeSelection(Spannable)*

public static final void removeSelection(android.text.Spannable text)

Remove the selection or cursor, if any, from the text. 



*android.text.Selection.selectAll(Spannable)*

public static final void selectAll(android.text.Spannable text)

Select the entire text. 



*android.text.Selection.setSelection(Spannable,int)*

public static final void setSelection(
  android.text.Spannable text,
  int index)

Move the cursor to offset index. 



*android.text.Selection.setSelection(Spannable,int,int)*

public static void setSelection(
  android.text.Spannable text,
  int start,
  int stop)

Set the selection anchor to start and the selection edge to stop. 




