*android.provider.CalendarContract.EventsColumns* *CalendarContract.EventsColumns* 

protected static interface interface CalendarContract.EventsColumns


|android.provider.CalendarContract.EventsColumns_Description|
|android.provider.CalendarContract.EventsColumns_Fields|
|android.provider.CalendarContract.EventsColumns_Constructors|
|android.provider.CalendarContract.EventsColumns_Methods|

================================================================================

*android.provider.CalendarContract.EventsColumns_Fields*
|int_android.provider.CalendarContract.EventsColumns.ACCESS_CONFIDENTIAL|
|int_android.provider.CalendarContract.EventsColumns.ACCESS_DEFAULT|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.CalendarContract.EventsColumns.ACCESS_LEVEL|
|int_android.provider.CalendarContract.EventsColumns.ACCESS_PRIVATE|
|int_android.provider.CalendarContract.EventsColumns.ACCESS_PUBLIC|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.CalendarContract.EventsColumns.ALL_DAY|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.CalendarContract.EventsColumns.AVAILABILITY|
|int_android.provider.CalendarContract.EventsColumns.AVAILABILITY_BUSY|
|int_android.provider.CalendarContract.EventsColumns.AVAILABILITY_FREE|
|int_android.provider.CalendarContract.EventsColumns.AVAILABILITY_TENTATIVE|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.CalendarContract.EventsColumns.CALENDAR_ID|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.CalendarContract.EventsColumns.CAN_INVITE_OTHERS|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.CalendarContract.EventsColumns.CUSTOM_APP_PACKAGE|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.CalendarContract.EventsColumns.CUSTOM_APP_URI|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.CalendarContract.EventsColumns.DESCRIPTION|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.CalendarContract.EventsColumns.DISPLAY_COLOR|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.CalendarContract.EventsColumns.DTEND|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.CalendarContract.EventsColumns.DTSTART|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.CalendarContract.EventsColumns.DURATION|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.CalendarContract.EventsColumns.EVENT_COLOR|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.CalendarContract.EventsColumns.EVENT_COLOR_KEY|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.CalendarContract.EventsColumns.EVENT_END_TIMEZONE|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.CalendarContract.EventsColumns.EVENT_LOCATION|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.CalendarContract.EventsColumns.EVENT_TIMEZONE|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.CalendarContract.EventsColumns.EXDATE|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.CalendarContract.EventsColumns.EXRULE|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.CalendarContract.EventsColumns.GUESTS_CAN_INVITE_OTHERS|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.CalendarContract.EventsColumns.GUESTS_CAN_MODIFY|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.CalendarContract.EventsColumns.GUESTS_CAN_SEE_GUESTS|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.CalendarContract.EventsColumns.HAS_ALARM|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.CalendarContract.EventsColumns.HAS_ATTENDEE_DATA|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.CalendarContract.EventsColumns.HAS_EXTENDED_PROPERTIES|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.CalendarContract.EventsColumns.IS_ORGANIZER|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.CalendarContract.EventsColumns.LAST_DATE|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.CalendarContract.EventsColumns.LAST_SYNCED|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.CalendarContract.EventsColumns.ORGANIZER|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.CalendarContract.EventsColumns.ORIGINAL_ALL_DAY|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.CalendarContract.EventsColumns.ORIGINAL_ID|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.CalendarContract.EventsColumns.ORIGINAL_INSTANCE_TIME|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.CalendarContract.EventsColumns.ORIGINAL_SYNC_ID|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.CalendarContract.EventsColumns.RDATE|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.CalendarContract.EventsColumns.RRULE|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.CalendarContract.EventsColumns.SELF_ATTENDEE_STATUS|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.CalendarContract.EventsColumns.STATUS|
|int_android.provider.CalendarContract.EventsColumns.STATUS_CANCELED|
|int_android.provider.CalendarContract.EventsColumns.STATUS_CONFIRMED|
|int_android.provider.CalendarContract.EventsColumns.STATUS_TENTATIVE|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.CalendarContract.EventsColumns.SYNC_DATA1|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.CalendarContract.EventsColumns.SYNC_DATA10|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.CalendarContract.EventsColumns.SYNC_DATA2|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.CalendarContract.EventsColumns.SYNC_DATA3|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.CalendarContract.EventsColumns.SYNC_DATA4|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.CalendarContract.EventsColumns.SYNC_DATA5|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.CalendarContract.EventsColumns.SYNC_DATA6|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.CalendarContract.EventsColumns.SYNC_DATA7|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.CalendarContract.EventsColumns.SYNC_DATA8|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.CalendarContract.EventsColumns.SYNC_DATA9|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.CalendarContract.EventsColumns.TITLE|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.CalendarContract.EventsColumns.UID_2445|

*android.provider.CalendarContract.EventsColumns_Description*

Columns from the Events table that other tables join into themselves. 



*int_android.provider.CalendarContract.EventsColumns.ACCESS_CONFIDENTIAL*

Confidential is not used by the app. 


*int_android.provider.CalendarContract.EventsColumns.ACCESS_DEFAULT*

Default access is controlled by the server and will be treated as public on the 
device. 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.CalendarContract.EventsColumns.ACCESS_LEVEL*

Defines how the event shows up for others when the calendar is shared. Column 
name. Type: INTEGER (One of (|android.provider.CalendarContract.EventsColumns|) 
, ...) 


*int_android.provider.CalendarContract.EventsColumns.ACCESS_PRIVATE*

Private shares the event as a free/busy slot with no details. 


*int_android.provider.CalendarContract.EventsColumns.ACCESS_PUBLIC*

Public makes the contents visible to anyone with access to the calendar. 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.CalendarContract.EventsColumns.ALL_DAY*

Is the event all day (time zone independent). Column name. Type: INTEGER 
(boolean) 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.CalendarContract.EventsColumns.AVAILABILITY*

If this event counts as busy time or is still free time that can be scheduled 
over. Column name. 

Type: INTEGER (One of (|android.provider.CalendarContract.EventsColumns|) , 
(|android.provider.CalendarContract.EventsColumns|) , 
(|android.provider.CalendarContract.EventsColumns|) ) 


*int_android.provider.CalendarContract.EventsColumns.AVAILABILITY_BUSY*

Indicates that this event takes up time and will conflict with other events. 


*int_android.provider.CalendarContract.EventsColumns.AVAILABILITY_FREE*

Indicates that this event is free time and will not conflict with other events. 


*int_android.provider.CalendarContract.EventsColumns.AVAILABILITY_TENTATIVE*

Indicates that the owner's availability may change, but should be considered 
busy time that will conflict. 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.CalendarContract.EventsColumns.CALENDAR_ID*

The (|android.provider.CalendarContract.Calendars|) of the calendar the event 
belongs to. Column name. Type: INTEGER 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.CalendarContract.EventsColumns.CAN_INVITE_OTHERS*

Whether the user can invite others to the event. The GUESTS_CAN_INVITE_OTHERS 
is a setting that applies to an arbitrary guest, while CAN_INVITE_OTHERS 
indicates if the user can invite others (either through 
GUESTS_CAN_INVITE_OTHERS or because the user has modify access to the event). 
Column name. Type: INTEGER (boolean, readonly) 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.CalendarContract.EventsColumns.CUSTOM_APP_PACKAGE*

The package name of the custom app that can provide a richer experience for the 
event. See the ACTION TYPE (|android.provider.CalendarContract|) for details. 
Column name. Type: TEXT 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.CalendarContract.EventsColumns.CUSTOM_APP_URI*

The URI used by the custom app for the event. Column name. Type: TEXT 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.CalendarContract.EventsColumns.DESCRIPTION*

The description of the event. Column name. Type: TEXT 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.CalendarContract.EventsColumns.DISPLAY_COLOR*

This will be (|android.provider.CalendarContract.EventsColumns|) if it is not 
null; otherwise, this will be (|android.provider.CalendarContract.Calendars|) . 
Read-only value. To modify, write to 
(|android.provider.CalendarContract.EventsColumns|) or 
(|android.provider.CalendarContract.Calendars|) directly. 

Type: INTEGER 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.CalendarContract.EventsColumns.DTEND*

The time the event ends in UTC millis since epoch. Column name. Type: INTEGER 
(long; millis since epoch) 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.CalendarContract.EventsColumns.DTSTART*

The time the event starts in UTC millis since epoch. Column name. Type: INTEGER 
(long; millis since epoch) 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.CalendarContract.EventsColumns.DURATION*

The duration of the event in RFC2445 format. Column name. Type: TEXT (duration 
in RFC2445 format) 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.CalendarContract.EventsColumns.EVENT_COLOR*

A secondary color for the individual event. This should only be updated by the 
sync adapter for a given account. Type: INTEGER 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.CalendarContract.EventsColumns.EVENT_COLOR_KEY*

A secondary color key for the individual event. NULL or an empty string are 
reserved for indicating that the event does not use a key for looking up the 
color. The provider will update 
(|android.provider.CalendarContract.EventsColumns|) automatically when a valid 
key is written to this column. The key must reference an existing row of the 
(|android.provider.CalendarContract.Colors|) table. @see Colors 

Type: TEXT 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.CalendarContract.EventsColumns.EVENT_END_TIMEZONE*

The timezone for the end time of the event. Column name. Type: TEXT 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.CalendarContract.EventsColumns.EVENT_LOCATION*

Where the event takes place. Column name. Type: TEXT 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.CalendarContract.EventsColumns.EVENT_TIMEZONE*

The timezone for the event. Column name. Type: TEXT 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.CalendarContract.EventsColumns.EXDATE*

The recurrence exception dates for the event. Column name. Type: TEXT 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.CalendarContract.EventsColumns.EXRULE*

The recurrence exception rule for the event. Column name. Type: TEXT 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.CalendarContract.EventsColumns.GUESTS_CAN_INVITE_OTHERS*

Whether guests can invite other guests. Column name. Type: INTEGER (boolean) 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.CalendarContract.EventsColumns.GUESTS_CAN_MODIFY*

Whether guests can modify the event. Column name. Type: INTEGER (boolean) 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.CalendarContract.EventsColumns.GUESTS_CAN_SEE_GUESTS*

Whether guests can see the list of attendees. Column name. Type: INTEGER 
(boolean) 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.CalendarContract.EventsColumns.HAS_ALARM*

Whether the event has an alarm or not. Column name. Type: INTEGER (boolean) 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.CalendarContract.EventsColumns.HAS_ATTENDEE_DATA*

Whether the event has attendee information. True if the event has full attendee 
data, false if the event has information about self only. Column name. Type: 
INTEGER (boolean) 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.CalendarContract.EventsColumns.HAS_EXTENDED_PROPERTIES*

Whether the event has extended properties or not. Column name. Type: INTEGER 
(boolean) 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.CalendarContract.EventsColumns.IS_ORGANIZER*

Are we the organizer of this event. If this column is not explicitly set, the 
provider will return 1 if (|android.provider.CalendarContract.EventsColumns|) 
is equal to (|android.provider.CalendarContract.Calendars|) . Column name. 
Type: STRING 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.CalendarContract.EventsColumns.LAST_DATE*

The last date this event repeats on, or NULL if it never ends. Column name. 
Type: INTEGER (long; millis since epoch) 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.CalendarContract.EventsColumns.LAST_SYNCED*

Used to indicate that a row is not a real event but an original copy of a 
locally modified event. A copy is made when an event changes from non-dirty to 
dirty and the event is on a calendar with 
(|android.provider.CalendarContract.Calendars|) set to 1. This copy does not 
get expanded in the instances table and is only visible in queries made by a 
sync adapter. The copy gets removed when the event is changed back to non-dirty 
by a sync adapter. Type: INTEGER (boolean) 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.CalendarContract.EventsColumns.ORGANIZER*

Email of the organizer (owner) of the event. Column name. Type: STRING 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.CalendarContract.EventsColumns.ORIGINAL_ALL_DAY*

The allDay status (true or false) of the original recurring event for which 
this event is an exception. Column name. Type: INTEGER (boolean) 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.CalendarContract.EventsColumns.ORIGINAL_ID*

The (|android.provider.CalendarContract.Events|) of the original recurring 
event for which this event is an exception. Column name. Type: TEXT 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.CalendarContract.EventsColumns.ORIGINAL_INSTANCE_TIME*

The original instance time of the recurring event for which this event is an 
exception. Column name. Type: INTEGER (long; millis since epoch) 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.CalendarContract.EventsColumns.ORIGINAL_SYNC_ID*

The _sync_id of the original recurring event for which this event is an 
exception. The provider should keep the original_id in sync when this is 
updated. Column name. Type: TEXT 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.CalendarContract.EventsColumns.RDATE*

The recurrence dates for the event. Column name. Type: TEXT 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.CalendarContract.EventsColumns.RRULE*

The recurrence rule for the event. Column name. Type: TEXT 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.CalendarContract.EventsColumns.SELF_ATTENDEE_STATUS*

This is a copy of the attendee status for the owner of this event. This field 
is copied here so that we can efficiently filter out events that are declined 
without having to look in the Attendees table. Column name. 

Type: INTEGER (int) 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.CalendarContract.EventsColumns.STATUS*

The event status. Column name. Type: INTEGER (one of 
(|android.provider.CalendarContract.EventsColumns|) ...) 


*int_android.provider.CalendarContract.EventsColumns.STATUS_CANCELED*




*int_android.provider.CalendarContract.EventsColumns.STATUS_CONFIRMED*




*int_android.provider.CalendarContract.EventsColumns.STATUS_TENTATIVE*




*java.lang.String_android.provider.CalendarContract.EventsColumns.SYNC_DATA1*

This column is available for use by sync adapters. Column name. Type: TEXT 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.CalendarContract.EventsColumns.SYNC_DATA10*

This column is available for use by sync adapters. Column name. Type: TEXT 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.CalendarContract.EventsColumns.SYNC_DATA2*

This column is available for use by sync adapters. Column name. Type: TEXT 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.CalendarContract.EventsColumns.SYNC_DATA3*

This column is available for use by sync adapters. Column name. Type: TEXT 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.CalendarContract.EventsColumns.SYNC_DATA4*

This column is available for use by sync adapters. Column name. Type: TEXT 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.CalendarContract.EventsColumns.SYNC_DATA5*

This column is available for use by sync adapters. Column name. Type: TEXT 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.CalendarContract.EventsColumns.SYNC_DATA6*

This column is available for use by sync adapters. Column name. Type: TEXT 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.CalendarContract.EventsColumns.SYNC_DATA7*

This column is available for use by sync adapters. Column name. Type: TEXT 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.CalendarContract.EventsColumns.SYNC_DATA8*

This column is available for use by sync adapters. Column name. Type: TEXT 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.CalendarContract.EventsColumns.SYNC_DATA9*

This column is available for use by sync adapters. Column name. Type: TEXT 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.CalendarContract.EventsColumns.TITLE*

The title of the event. Column name. Type: TEXT 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.CalendarContract.EventsColumns.UID_2445*

The UID for events added from the RFC 2445 iCalendar format. Column name. Type: 
TEXT 



