*android.database.ContentObserver* *ContentObserver* Receives call backs for cha

public abstract class ContentObserver
  extends    |java.lang.Object|

|android.database.ContentObserver_Description|
|android.database.ContentObserver_Fields|
|android.database.ContentObserver_Constructors|
|android.database.ContentObserver_Methods|

================================================================================

*android.database.ContentObserver_Constructors*
|android.database.ContentObserver(Handler)|Creates a content observer.

*android.database.ContentObserver_Methods*
|android.database.ContentObserver.deliverSelfNotifications()|Returns true if th
|android.database.ContentObserver.dispatchChange(boolean)|Dispatches a change n
|android.database.ContentObserver.dispatchChange(boolean,Uri)|Dispatches a chan
|android.database.ContentObserver.getContentObserver()|Gets access to the binde
|android.database.ContentObserver.onChange(boolean)|This method is called when 
|android.database.ContentObserver.onChange(boolean,Uri)|This method is called w
|android.database.ContentObserver.releaseContentObserver()|Gets access to the b

*android.database.ContentObserver_Description*

Receives call backs for changes to content. Must be implemented by objects 
which are added to a (|android.database.ContentObservable|) . 



*android.database.ContentObserver(Handler)*

public ContentObserver(android.os.Handler handler)

Creates a content observer. 

    handler - The handler to run {@link #onChange} on, or null if none. 

*android.database.ContentObserver.deliverSelfNotifications()*

public boolean deliverSelfNotifications()

Returns true if this observer is interested receiving self-change 
notifications. 

Subclasses should override this method to indicate whether the observer is 
interested in receiving notifications for changes that it made to the content 
itself. 



    Returns: True if self-change notifications should be delivered to the observer. 

*android.database.ContentObserver.dispatchChange(boolean)*

public final void dispatchChange(boolean selfChange)

Dispatches a change notification to the observer. 

If a (|android.os.Handler|) was supplied to the 
(|android.database.ContentObserver|) constructor, then a call to the 
(|android.database.ContentObserver|) method is posted to the handler's message 
queue. Otherwise, the (|android.database.ContentObserver|) method is invoked 
immediately on this thread. 

    Deprecated: Use {@link #dispatchChange(boolean, Uri)} instead.

    selfChange - True if this is a self-change notification. 

*android.database.ContentObserver.dispatchChange(boolean,Uri)*

public final void dispatchChange(
  boolean selfChange,
  android.net.Uri uri)

Dispatches a change notification to the observer. Includes the changed content 
Uri when available. 

If a (|android.os.Handler|) was supplied to the 
(|android.database.ContentObserver|) constructor, then a call to the 
(|android.database.ContentObserver|) method is posted to the handler's message 
queue. Otherwise, the (|android.database.ContentObserver|) method is invoked 
immediately on this thread. 


    selfChange - True if this is a self-change notification. 
    uri - The Uri of the changed content, or null if unknown. 

*android.database.ContentObserver.getContentObserver()*

public IContentObserver getContentObserver()

Gets access to the binder transport object. Not for public consumption. 



*android.database.ContentObserver.onChange(boolean)*

public void onChange(boolean selfChange)

This method is called when a content change occurs. 

Subclasses should override this method to handle content changes. 


    selfChange - True if this is a self-change notification. 

*android.database.ContentObserver.onChange(boolean,Uri)*

public void onChange(
  boolean selfChange,
  android.net.Uri uri)

This method is called when a content change occurs. Includes the changed 
content Uri when available. 

Subclasses should override this method to handle content changes. To ensure 
correct operation on older versions of the framework that did not provide a Uri 
argument, applications should also implement the 
(|android.database.ContentObserver|) overload of this method whenever they 
implement the (|android.database.ContentObserver|) overload. 

Example implementation: 

// Implement the onChange(boolean) method to delegate the change notification 
to // the onChange(boolean, Uri) method to ensure correct operation on older 
versions // of the framework that did not have the onChange(boolean, Uri) 
method.@Overridepublic void onChange(boolean selfChange) { onChange(selfChange, 
null); } 

// Implement the onChange(boolean, Uri) method to take advantage of the new Uri 
argument.@Overridepublic void onChange(boolean selfChange, Uri uri) { // Handle 
change. } 




    selfChange - True if this is a self-change notification. 
    uri - The Uri of the changed content, or null if unknown. 

*android.database.ContentObserver.releaseContentObserver()*

public IContentObserver releaseContentObserver()

Gets access to the binder transport object, and unlinks the transport object 
from the ContentObserver. Not for public consumption. 




