*android.app.backup.BackupDataInput* *BackupDataInput* Provides the structured i

public class BackupDataInput
  extends    |java.lang.Object|

|android.app.backup.BackupDataInput_Description|
|android.app.backup.BackupDataInput_Fields|
|android.app.backup.BackupDataInput_Constructors|
|android.app.backup.BackupDataInput_Methods|

================================================================================

*android.app.backup.BackupDataInput_Constructors*
|android.app.backup.BackupDataInput(FileDescriptor)|

*android.app.backup.BackupDataInput_Methods*
|android.app.backup.BackupDataInput.finalize()|
|android.app.backup.BackupDataInput.getDataSize()|Report the size in bytes of t
|android.app.backup.BackupDataInput.getKey()|Report the key associated with the
|android.app.backup.BackupDataInput.readEntityData(byte[],int,int)|Read a recor
|android.app.backup.BackupDataInput.readNextHeader()|Extract the next entity he
|android.app.backup.BackupDataInput.skipEntityData()|Consume the current entity

*android.app.backup.BackupDataInput_Description*

Provides the structured interface through which a 
(|android.app.backup.BackupAgent|) reads information from the backup data set, 
via its onRestore()(|android.app.backup.BackupAgent|) method. The data is 
presented as a set of "entities," each representing one named record as 
previously stored by the agent's onBackup()(|android.app.backup.BackupAgent|) 
implementation. An entity is composed of a descriptive header plus a byte array 
that holds the raw data saved in the remote backup. 

The agent must consume every entity in the data stream, otherwise the restored 
state of the application will be incomplete. Example 

A typical onRestore()(|android.app.backup.BackupAgent|) implementation might be 
structured something like this: 

public void onRestore(BackupDataInput data, int appVersionCode, 
ParcelFileDescriptor newState) { while (data.readNextHeader()) { String key = 
data.getKey(); int dataSize = data.getDataSize(); 

if (key.equals(MY_BACKUP_KEY_ONE)) { // process this kind of record here byte[] 
buffer = new byte[dataSize]; data.readEntityData(buffer, 0, dataSize); // reads 
the entire entity at once 

// now 'buffer' holds the raw data and can be processed however // the agent 
wishes processBackupKeyOne(buffer); } else if 
(key.equals(MY_BACKUP_KEY_TO_IGNORE) { // a key we recognize but wish to 
discard data.skipEntityData(); } // ... etc. } } 



*android.app.backup.BackupDataInput(FileDescriptor)*

public BackupDataInput(java.io.FileDescriptor fd)




*android.app.backup.BackupDataInput.finalize()*

protected void finalize()
  throws |java.lang.Throwable|
         




*android.app.backup.BackupDataInput.getDataSize()*

public int getDataSize()

Report the size in bytes of the data associated with the current entity in the 
restore stream. 



    Returns: The size of the record's raw data, in bytes 

*android.app.backup.BackupDataInput.getKey()*

public |java.lang.String| getKey()

Report the key associated with the current entity in the restore stream 



    Returns: the current entity's key string 

*android.app.backup.BackupDataInput.readEntityData(byte[],int,int)*

public int readEntityData(
  byte[] data,
  int offset,
  int size)
  throws |java.io.IOException|
         
Read a record's raw data from the restore stream. The record's header must 
first have been processed by the (|android.app.backup.BackupDataInput|) method. 
Multiple calls to this method may be made in order to process the data in 
chunks; not all of it must be read in a single call. Once all of the raw data 
for the current entity has been read, further calls to this method will simply 
return zero. 


    data - An allocated byte array of at least 'size' bytes 
    offset - Offset within the 'data' array at which the data will be placed when read from 
       the stream 
    size - The number of bytes to read in this pass 

    Returns: The number of bytes of data read. Once all of the data for this entity has been 
             read, further calls to this method will return zero. 

*android.app.backup.BackupDataInput.readNextHeader()*

public boolean readNextHeader()
  throws |java.io.IOException|
         
Extract the next entity header from the restore stream. After this method 
return success, the (|android.app.backup.BackupDataInput|) and 
(|android.app.backup.BackupDataInput|) methods can be used to inspect the 
entity that is now available for processing. 



    Returns: true when there is an entity ready for consumption from the restore stream, 
             false if the restore stream has been fully consumed. 

*android.app.backup.BackupDataInput.skipEntityData()*

public void skipEntityData()
  throws |java.io.IOException|
         
Consume the current entity's data without extracting it into a buffer for 
further processing. This allows a (|android.app.backup.BackupAgent|) to 
efficiently discard obsolete or otherwise uninteresting records during the 
restore operation. 




