*android.content.ContentProviderOperation* *ContentProviderOperation* 

public class ContentProviderOperation
  extends    |java.lang.Object|
  implements |android.os.Parcelable|

|android.content.ContentProviderOperation_Description|
|android.content.ContentProviderOperation_Fields|
|android.content.ContentProviderOperation_Constructors|
|android.content.ContentProviderOperation_Methods|

================================================================================

*android.content.ContentProviderOperation_Fields*
|android.os.Parcelable.Creator<android.content.ContentProviderOperation>_android.content.ContentProviderOperation.CREATOR|
|int_android.content.ContentProviderOperation.TYPE_ASSERT|
|int_android.content.ContentProviderOperation.TYPE_DELETE|
|int_android.content.ContentProviderOperation.TYPE_INSERT|
|int_android.content.ContentProviderOperation.TYPE_UPDATE|

*android.content.ContentProviderOperation_Methods*
|android.content.ContentProviderOperation.apply(ContentProvider,ContentProviderResult[],int)|
|android.content.ContentProviderOperation.describeContents()|
|android.content.ContentProviderOperation.getType()|
|android.content.ContentProviderOperation.getUri()|
|android.content.ContentProviderOperation.isReadOperation()|
|android.content.ContentProviderOperation.isWriteOperation()|
|android.content.ContentProviderOperation.isYieldAllowed()|
|android.content.ContentProviderOperation.newAssertQuery(Uri)|Create aBuildersu
|android.content.ContentProviderOperation.newDelete(Uri)|Create aBuildersuitabl
|android.content.ContentProviderOperation.newInsert(Uri)|Create aBuildersuitabl
|android.content.ContentProviderOperation.newUpdate(Uri)|Create aBuildersuitabl
|android.content.ContentProviderOperation.resolveSelectionArgsBackReferences(ContentProviderResult[],int)|
|android.content.ContentProviderOperation.resolveValueBackReferences(ContentProviderResult[],int)|
|android.content.ContentProviderOperation.toString()|
|android.content.ContentProviderOperation.writeToParcel(Parcel,int)|

*android.content.ContentProviderOperation_Description*





*android.os.Parcelable.Creator<android.content.ContentProviderOperation>_android.content.ContentProviderOperation.CREATOR*




*int_android.content.ContentProviderOperation.TYPE_ASSERT*




*int_android.content.ContentProviderOperation.TYPE_DELETE*




*int_android.content.ContentProviderOperation.TYPE_INSERT*




*int_android.content.ContentProviderOperation.TYPE_UPDATE*





*android.content.ContentProviderOperation.apply(ContentProvider,ContentProviderResult[],int)*

public |android.content.ContentProviderResult| apply(
  android.content.ContentProvider provider,
  android.content.ContentProviderResult[] backRefs,
  int numBackRefs)
  throws |android.content.OperationApplicationException|
         
Applies this operation using the given provider. The backRefs array is used to 
resolve any back references that were requested using 
(|android.content.ContentProviderOperation.Builder|) and 
(|android.content.ContentProviderOperation.Builder|) . 


    provider - the {@link ContentProvider} on which this batch is applied 
    backRefs - a {@link ContentProviderResult} array that will be consulted to resolve any 
       requested back references. 
    numBackRefs - the number of valid results on the backRefs array. 

    Returns: a {@link ContentProviderResult} that contains either the {@link Uri} of the 
             inserted row if this was an insert otherwise the number of rows 
             affected. 

*android.content.ContentProviderOperation.describeContents()*

public int describeContents()





*android.content.ContentProviderOperation.getType()*

public int getType()





*android.content.ContentProviderOperation.getUri()*

public |android.net.Uri| getUri()





*android.content.ContentProviderOperation.isReadOperation()*

public boolean isReadOperation()





*android.content.ContentProviderOperation.isWriteOperation()*

public boolean isWriteOperation()





*android.content.ContentProviderOperation.isYieldAllowed()*

public boolean isYieldAllowed()





*android.content.ContentProviderOperation.newAssertQuery(Uri)*

public static |android.content.ContentProviderOperation.Builder| newAssertQuery(android.net.Uri uri)

Create a (|android.content.ContentProviderOperation.Builder|) suitable for 
building a (|android.content.ContentProviderOperation|) to assert a set of 
values as provided through (|android.content.ContentProviderOperation.Builder|) 
. 



*android.content.ContentProviderOperation.newDelete(Uri)*

public static |android.content.ContentProviderOperation.Builder| newDelete(android.net.Uri uri)

Create a (|android.content.ContentProviderOperation.Builder|) suitable for 
building a delete (|android.content.ContentProviderOperation|) . 


    uri - The {@link Uri} that is the target of the delete. 

    Returns: a {@link Builder} 

*android.content.ContentProviderOperation.newInsert(Uri)*

public static |android.content.ContentProviderOperation.Builder| newInsert(android.net.Uri uri)

Create a (|android.content.ContentProviderOperation.Builder|) suitable for 
building an insert (|android.content.ContentProviderOperation|) . 


    uri - The {@link Uri} that is the target of the insert. 

    Returns: a {@link Builder} 

*android.content.ContentProviderOperation.newUpdate(Uri)*

public static |android.content.ContentProviderOperation.Builder| newUpdate(android.net.Uri uri)

Create a (|android.content.ContentProviderOperation.Builder|) suitable for 
building an update (|android.content.ContentProviderOperation|) . 


    uri - The {@link Uri} that is the target of the update. 

    Returns: a {@link Builder} 

*android.content.ContentProviderOperation.resolveSelectionArgsBackReferences(ContentProviderResult[],int)*

public |java.lang.String|[] resolveSelectionArgsBackReferences(
  android.content.ContentProviderResult[] backRefs,
  int numBackRefs)

The Selection Arguments back references are represented as a Map of 
Integer->Integer where the key is an index into the selection argument array 
(see (|android.content.ContentProviderOperation.Builder|) ) and the value is 
the index of the previous result that should be used for that selection 
argument array slot. 

This is intended to be a private method but it is exposed for unit testing 
purposes 


    backRefs - an array of previous results 
    numBackRefs - the number of valid previous results in backRefs 

    Returns: the ContentValues that should be used in this operation application after 
             expansion of back references. This can be called if either mValues 
             or mValuesBackReferences is null 

*android.content.ContentProviderOperation.resolveValueBackReferences(ContentProviderResult[],int)*

public |android.content.ContentValues| resolveValueBackReferences(
  android.content.ContentProviderResult[] backRefs,
  int numBackRefs)

The ContentValues back references are represented as a ContentValues object 
where the key refers to a column and the value is an index of the back 
reference whose valued should be associated with the column. 

This is intended to be a private method but it is exposed for unit testing 
purposes 


    backRefs - an array of previous results 
    numBackRefs - the number of valid previous results in backRefs 

    Returns: the ContentValues that should be used in this operation application after 
             expansion of back references. This can be called if either mValues 
             or mValuesBackReferences is null 

*android.content.ContentProviderOperation.toString()*

public |java.lang.String| toString()





*android.content.ContentProviderOperation.writeToParcel(Parcel,int)*

public void writeToParcel(
  android.os.Parcel dest,
  int flags)






