*android.util.SparseArray* *SparseArray* SparseArrays map integers to Objects.

public class SparseArray<E>
  extends    |java.lang.Object|
  implements |java.lang.Cloneable|

|android.util.SparseArray_Description|
|android.util.SparseArray_Fields|
|android.util.SparseArray_Constructors|
|android.util.SparseArray_Methods|

================================================================================

*android.util.SparseArray_Constructors*
|android.util.SparseArray()|Creates a new SparseArray containing no mappings.
|android.util.SparseArray(int)|Creates a new SparseArray containing no mappings

*android.util.SparseArray_Methods*
|android.util.SparseArray.append(int,E)|Puts a key/value pair into the array, o
|android.util.SparseArray.clear()|Removes all key-value mappings from this Spar
|android.util.SparseArray.clone()|
|android.util.SparseArray.delete(int)|Removes the mapping from the specified ke
|android.util.SparseArray.get(int)|Gets the Object mapped from the specified ke
|android.util.SparseArray.get(int,E)|Gets the Object mapped from the specified 
|android.util.SparseArray.indexOfKey(int)|Returns the index for which#keyAtwoul
|android.util.SparseArray.indexOfValue(E)|Returns an index for which#valueAtwou
|android.util.SparseArray.keyAt(int)|Given an index in the range 0...size()-1, 
|android.util.SparseArray.put(int,E)|Adds a mapping from the specified key to t
|android.util.SparseArray.remove(int)|Alias for#delete(int).
|android.util.SparseArray.removeAt(int)|Removes the mapping at the specified in
|android.util.SparseArray.removeAtRange(int,int)|Remove a range of mappings as 
|android.util.SparseArray.setValueAt(int,E)|Given an index in the range 0...siz
|android.util.SparseArray.size()|Returns the number of key-value mappings that 
|android.util.SparseArray.toString()|
|android.util.SparseArray.valueAt(int)|Given an index in the range 0...size()-1

*android.util.SparseArray_Description*

SparseArrays map integers to Objects. Unlike a normal array of Objects, there 
can be gaps in the indices. It is intended to be more memory efficient than 
using a HashMap to map Integers to Objects, both because it avoids auto-boxing 
keys and its data structure doesn't rely on an extra entry object for each 
mapping. 

Note that this container keeps its mappings in an array data structure, using a 
binary search to find keys. The implementation is not intended to be 
appropriate for data structures that may contain large numbers of items. It is 
generally slower than a traditional HashMap, since lookups require a binary 
search and adds and removes require inserting and deleting entries in the 
array. For containers holding up to hundreds of items, the performance 
difference is not significant, less than 50%. 

To help with performance, the container includes an optimization when removing 
keys: instead of compacting its array immediately, it leaves the removed entry 
marked as deleted. The entry can then be re-used for the same key, or compacted 
later in a single garbage collection step of all removed entries. This garbage 
collection will need to be performed at any time the array needs to be grown or 
the the map size or entry values are retrieved. 

It is possible to iterate over the items in this container using 
(|android.util.SparseArray|) and (|android.util.SparseArray|) . Iterating over 
the keys using keyAt(int) with ascending values of the index will return the 
keys in ascending order, or the values corresponding to the keys in ascending 
order in the case of valueAt(int). 



*android.util.SparseArray()*

public SparseArray()

Creates a new SparseArray containing no mappings. 


*android.util.SparseArray(int)*

public SparseArray(int initialCapacity)

Creates a new SparseArray containing no mappings that will not require any 
additional memory allocation to store the specified number of mappings. If you 
supply an initial capacity of 0, the sparse array will be initialized with a 
light-weight representation not requiring any additional array allocations. 


*android.util.SparseArray.append(int,E)*

public void append(
  int key,
  E value)

Puts a key/value pair into the array, optimizing for the case where the key is 
greater than all existing keys in the array. 



*android.util.SparseArray.clear()*

public void clear()

Removes all key-value mappings from this SparseArray. 



*android.util.SparseArray.clone()*

public |android.util.SparseArray|<E> clone()





*android.util.SparseArray.delete(int)*

public void delete(int key)

Removes the mapping from the specified key, if there was any. 



*android.util.SparseArray.get(int)*

public |E| get(int key)

Gets the Object mapped from the specified key, or null if no such mapping has 
been made. 



*android.util.SparseArray.get(int,E)*

public |E| get(
  int key,
  E valueIfKeyNotFound)

Gets the Object mapped from the specified key, or the specified Object if no 
such mapping has been made. 



*android.util.SparseArray.indexOfKey(int)*

public int indexOfKey(int key)

Returns the index for which (|android.util.SparseArray|) would return the 
specified key, or a negative number if the specified key is not mapped. 



*android.util.SparseArray.indexOfValue(E)*

public int indexOfValue(E value)

Returns an index for which (|android.util.SparseArray|) would return the 
specified key, or a negative number if no keys map to the specified value. 
Beware that this is a linear search, unlike lookups by key, and that multiple 
keys can map to the same value and this will find only one of them. Note also 
that unlike most collections'indexOfmethods, this method compares values 
using==rather thanequals. 



*android.util.SparseArray.keyAt(int)*

public int keyAt(int index)

Given an index in the range 0...size()-1, returns the key from the indexth 
key-value mapping that this SparseArray stores. 

The keys corresponding to indices in ascending order are guaranteed to be in 
ascending order, e.g., keyAt(0) will return the smallest key and 
keyAt(size()-1) will return the largest key. 



*android.util.SparseArray.put(int,E)*

public void put(
  int key,
  E value)

Adds a mapping from the specified key to the specified value, replacing the 
previous mapping from the specified key if there was one. 



*android.util.SparseArray.remove(int)*

public void remove(int key)

Alias for (|android.util.SparseArray|) . 



*android.util.SparseArray.removeAt(int)*

public void removeAt(int index)

Removes the mapping at the specified index. 



*android.util.SparseArray.removeAtRange(int,int)*

public void removeAtRange(
  int index,
  int size)

Remove a range of mappings as a batch. 


    index - Index to begin at 
    size - Number of mappings to remove 

*android.util.SparseArray.setValueAt(int,E)*

public void setValueAt(
  int index,
  E value)

Given an index in the range 0...size()-1, sets a new value for the indexth 
key-value mapping that this SparseArray stores. 



*android.util.SparseArray.size()*

public int size()

Returns the number of key-value mappings that this SparseArray currently 
stores. 



*android.util.SparseArray.toString()*

public |java.lang.String| toString()

This implementation composes a string by iterating over its mappings. If this 
map contains itself as a value, the string "(this Map)" will appear in its 
place. 



*android.util.SparseArray.valueAt(int)*

public |E| valueAt(int index)

Given an index in the range 0...size()-1, returns the value from the indexth 
key-value mapping that this SparseArray stores. 

The values corresponding to indices in ascending order are guaranteed to be 
associated with keys in ascending order, e.g., valueAt(0) will return the value 
associated with the smallest key and valueAt(size()-1) will return the value 
associated with the largest key. 




