*android.content.ContentProviderOperation.Builder* *ContentProviderOperation.Builder* 

public static class ContentProviderOperation.Builder
  extends    |java.lang.Object|

|android.content.ContentProviderOperation.Builder_Description|
|android.content.ContentProviderOperation.Builder_Fields|
|android.content.ContentProviderOperation.Builder_Constructors|
|android.content.ContentProviderOperation.Builder_Methods|

================================================================================

*android.content.ContentProviderOperation.Builder_Methods*
|android.content.ContentProviderOperation.Builder.build()|Create a ContentProvi
|android.content.ContentProviderOperation.Builder.withExpectedCount(int)|If set
|android.content.ContentProviderOperation.Builder.withSelection(String,String[])|
|android.content.ContentProviderOperation.Builder.withSelectionBackReference(int,int)|
|android.content.ContentProviderOperation.Builder.withValue(String,Object)|A va
|android.content.ContentProviderOperation.Builder.withValueBackReference(String,int)|
|android.content.ContentProviderOperation.Builder.withValueBackReferences(ContentValues)|
|android.content.ContentProviderOperation.Builder.withValues(ContentValues)|The
|android.content.ContentProviderOperation.Builder.withYieldAllowed(boolean)|

*android.content.ContentProviderOperation.Builder_Description*

Used to add parameters to a (|android.content.ContentProviderOperation|) . The 
(|android.content.ContentProviderOperation.Builder|) is first created by 
calling (|android.content.ContentProviderOperation|) , 
(|android.content.ContentProviderOperation|) , 
(|android.content.ContentProviderOperation|) or 
(|android.content.ContentProviderOperation|) . The withXXX methods can then be 
used to add parameters to the builder. See the specific methods to find for 
which (|android.content.ContentProviderOperation.Builder|) type each is 
allowed. Call (|android.content.ContentProviderOperation.Builder|) to create 
the (|android.content.ContentProviderOperation|) once all the parameters have 
been supplied. 



*android.content.ContentProviderOperation.Builder.build()*

public |android.content.ContentProviderOperation| build()

Create a ContentProviderOperation from this 
(|android.content.ContentProviderOperation.Builder|) . 



*android.content.ContentProviderOperation.Builder.withExpectedCount(int)*

public |android.content.ContentProviderOperation.Builder| withExpectedCount(int count)

If set then if the number of rows affected by this operation do not match this 
count (|android.content.OperationApplicationException|) will be throw. This can 
only be used with builders of type update, delete, or assert. 



    Returns: this builder, to allow for chaining. 

*android.content.ContentProviderOperation.Builder.withSelection(String,String[])*

public |android.content.ContentProviderOperation.Builder| withSelection(
  java.lang.String selection,
  java.lang.String[] selectionArgs)

The selection and arguments to use. An occurrence of '?' in the selection will 
be replaced with the corresponding occurence of the selection argument. Any of 
the selection arguments may be overwritten by a selection argument back 
reference as specified by (|android.content.ContentProviderOperation.Builder|) 
. This can only be used with builders of type update, delete, or assert. 



    Returns: this builder, to allow for chaining. 

*android.content.ContentProviderOperation.Builder.withSelectionBackReference(int,int)*

public |android.content.ContentProviderOperation.Builder| withSelectionBackReference(
  int selectionArgIndex,
  int previousResult)

Add a back references as a selection arg. Any value at that index of the 
selection arg that was specified by 
(|android.content.ContentProviderOperation.Builder|) will be overwritten. This 
can only be used with builders of type update, delete, or assert. 



    Returns: this builder, to allow for chaining. 

*android.content.ContentProviderOperation.Builder.withValue(String,Object)*

public |android.content.ContentProviderOperation.Builder| withValue(
  java.lang.String key,
  java.lang.Object value)

A value to insert or update. This value may be overwritten by the corresponding 
value specified by (|android.content.ContentProviderOperation.Builder|) . This 
can only be used with builders of type insert, update, or assert. 


    key - the name of this value 
    value - the value itself. the type must be acceptable for insertion by {@link 
       ContentValues#put} 

    Returns: this builder, to allow for chaining. 

*android.content.ContentProviderOperation.Builder.withValueBackReference(String,int)*

public |android.content.ContentProviderOperation.Builder| withValueBackReference(
  java.lang.String key,
  int previousResult)

Add a ContentValues back reference. A column value from the back references 
takes precedence over a value specified in 
(|android.content.ContentProviderOperation.Builder|) . This can only be used 
with builders of type insert, update, or assert. 



    Returns: this builder, to allow for chaining. 

*android.content.ContentProviderOperation.Builder.withValueBackReferences(ContentValues)*

public |android.content.ContentProviderOperation.Builder| withValueBackReferences(android.content.ContentValues backReferences)

Add a (|android.content.ContentValues|) of back references. The key is the name 
of the column and the value is an integer that is the index of the previous 
result whose value should be used for the column. The value is added as a 
(|java.lang.String|) . A column value from the back references takes precedence 
over a value specified in (|android.content.ContentProviderOperation.Builder|) 
. This can only be used with builders of type insert, update, or assert. 



    Returns: this builder, to allow for chaining. 

*android.content.ContentProviderOperation.Builder.withValues(ContentValues)*

public |android.content.ContentProviderOperation.Builder| withValues(android.content.ContentValues values)

The ContentValues to use. This may be null. These values may be overwritten by 
the corresponding value specified by 
(|android.content.ContentProviderOperation.Builder|) or by future calls to 
(|android.content.ContentProviderOperation.Builder|) or 
(|android.content.ContentProviderOperation.Builder|) . This can only be used 
with builders of type insert, update, or assert. 



    Returns: this builder, to allow for chaining. 

*android.content.ContentProviderOperation.Builder.withYieldAllowed(boolean)*

public |android.content.ContentProviderOperation.Builder| withYieldAllowed(boolean yieldAllowed)






