*android.transition.TransitionManager* *TransitionManager* This class manages th

public class TransitionManager
  extends    |java.lang.Object|

|android.transition.TransitionManager_Description|
|android.transition.TransitionManager_Fields|
|android.transition.TransitionManager_Constructors|
|android.transition.TransitionManager_Methods|

================================================================================

*android.transition.TransitionManager_Constructors*
|android.transition.TransitionManager()|

*android.transition.TransitionManager_Methods*
|android.transition.TransitionManager.beginDelayedTransition(ViewGroup)|Conveni
|android.transition.TransitionManager.beginDelayedTransition(ViewGroup,Transition)|
|android.transition.TransitionManager.getDefaultTransition()|Gets the current d
|android.transition.TransitionManager.go(Scene)|Convenience method to simply ch
|android.transition.TransitionManager.go(Scene,Transition)|Convenience method t
|android.transition.TransitionManager.setDefaultTransition(Transition)|Sets the
|android.transition.TransitionManager.setTransition(Scene,Scene,Transition)|Set
|android.transition.TransitionManager.setTransition(Scene,Transition)|Sets a sp
|android.transition.TransitionManager.transitionTo(Scene)|Change to the given s

*android.transition.TransitionManager_Description*

This class manages the set of transitions that fire when there is a change of 
(|android.transition.Scene|) . To use the manager, add scenes along with 
transition objects with calls to (|android.transition.TransitionManager|) or 
(|android.transition.TransitionManager|) . Setting specific transitions for 
scene changes is not required; by default, a Scene change will use 
(|android.transition.AutoTransition|) to do something reasonable for most 
situations. Specifying other transitions for particular scene changes is only 
necessary if the application wants different transition behavior in these 
situations. 

TransitionManagers can be declared in XML resource files inside the 
res/transition directory. TransitionManager resources consist of the 
transitionManagertag name, containing one or more transition tags, each of 
which describe the relationship of that transition to the from/to scene 
information in that tag. For example, here is a resource file that declares 
several scene 
transitions:development/samples/ApiDemos/res/transition/transitions_mgr.xml 
TransitionManagerFor each of the fromScene and toScene attributes, there is a 
reference to a standard XML layout file. This is equivalent to creating a scene 
from a layout in code by calling (|android.transition.Scene|) . For the 
transition attribute, there is a reference to a resource file in the 
res/transition directory which describes that transition. 

Information on XML resource descriptions for transitions can be found for 
(|android.R.styleable|) , (|android.R.styleable|) , (|android.R.styleable|) , 
(|android.R.styleable|) , and (|android.R.styleable|) . 



*android.transition.TransitionManager()*

public TransitionManager()




*android.transition.TransitionManager.beginDelayedTransition(ViewGroup)*

public static void beginDelayedTransition(android.view.ViewGroup sceneRoot)

Convenience method to animate, using the default transition, to a new scene 
defined by all changes within the given scene root between calling this method 
and the next rendering frame. Equivalent to calling 
(|android.transition.TransitionManager|) with a value of null for the 
transition parameter. 


    sceneRoot - The root of the View hierarchy to run the transition on. 

*android.transition.TransitionManager.beginDelayedTransition(ViewGroup,Transition)*

public static void beginDelayedTransition(
  android.view.ViewGroup sceneRoot,
  android.transition.Transition transition)

Convenience method to animate to a new scene defined by all changes within the 
given scene root between calling this method and the next rendering frame. 
Calling this method causes TransitionManager to capture current values in the 
scene root and then post a request to run a transition on the next frame. At 
that time, the new values in the scene root will be captured and changes will 
be animated. There is no need to create a Scene; it is implied by changes which 
take place between calling this method and the next frame when the transition 
begins. 

Calling this method several times before the next frame (for example, if 
unrelated code also wants to make dynamic changes and run a transition on the 
same scene root), only the first call will trigger capturing values and exiting 
the current scene. Subsequent calls to the method with the same scene root 
during the same frame will be ignored. 

Passing in null for the transition parameter will cause the TransitionManager 
to use its default transition. 


    sceneRoot - The root of the View hierarchy to run the transition on. 
    transition - The transition to use for this change. A value of null causes the 
       TransitionManager to use the default transition. 

*android.transition.TransitionManager.getDefaultTransition()*

public static |android.transition.Transition| getDefaultTransition()

Gets the current default transition. The initial value is an 
(|android.transition.AutoTransition|) instance. 



    Returns: The current default transition. 

*android.transition.TransitionManager.go(Scene)*

public static void go(android.transition.Scene scene)

Convenience method to simply change to the given scene using the default 
transition for TransitionManager. 


    scene - The Scene to change to 

*android.transition.TransitionManager.go(Scene,Transition)*

public static void go(
  android.transition.Scene scene,
  android.transition.Transition transition)

Convenience method to simply change to the given scene using the given 
transition. 

Passing in null for the transition parameter will result in the scene changing 
without any transition running, and is equivalent to calling 
(|android.transition.Scene|) on the scene root's current scene, followed by 
(|android.transition.Scene|) on the scene specified by the scene parameter. 


    scene - The Scene to change to 
    transition - The transition to use for this scene change. A value of null causes the scene 
       change to happen with no transition. 

*android.transition.TransitionManager.setDefaultTransition(Transition)*

public void setDefaultTransition(android.transition.Transition transition)

Sets the transition to be used for any scene change for which no other 
transition is explicitly set. The initial value is an 
(|android.transition.AutoTransition|) instance. 


    transition - The default transition to be used for scene changes. 

*android.transition.TransitionManager.setTransition(Scene,Scene,Transition)*

public void setTransition(
  android.transition.Scene fromScene,
  android.transition.Scene toScene,
  android.transition.Transition transition)

Sets a specific transition to occur when the given pair of scenes is 
exited/entered. 


    fromScene - The scene being exited when the given transition will be run 
    toScene - The scene being entered when the given transition will be run 
    transition - The transition that will play when the given scene is entered. A value of null 
       will result in the default behavior of using the default transition 
       instead. 

*android.transition.TransitionManager.setTransition(Scene,Transition)*

public void setTransition(
  android.transition.Scene scene,
  android.transition.Transition transition)

Sets a specific transition to occur when the given scene is entered. 


    scene - The scene which, when applied, will cause the given transition to run. 
    transition - The transition that will play when the given scene is entered. A value of null 
       will result in the default behavior of using the default transition 
       instead. 

*android.transition.TransitionManager.transitionTo(Scene)*

public void transitionTo(android.transition.Scene scene)

Change to the given scene, using the appropriate transition for this particular 
scene change (as specified to the TransitionManager, or the default if no such 
transition exists). 


    scene - The Scene to change to 


