*android.provider.DocumentsContract.Document* *DocumentsContract.Document* Const

public static final class DocumentsContract.Document
  extends    |java.lang.Object|

|android.provider.DocumentsContract.Document_Description|
|android.provider.DocumentsContract.Document_Fields|
|android.provider.DocumentsContract.Document_Constructors|
|android.provider.DocumentsContract.Document_Methods|

================================================================================

*android.provider.DocumentsContract.Document_Fields*
|java.lang.String_android.provider.DocumentsContract.Document.COLUMN_DISPLAY_NAME|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.DocumentsContract.Document.COLUMN_DOCUMENT_ID|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.DocumentsContract.Document.COLUMN_FLAGS|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.DocumentsContract.Document.COLUMN_ICON|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.DocumentsContract.Document.COLUMN_LAST_MODIFIED|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.DocumentsContract.Document.COLUMN_MIME_TYPE|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.DocumentsContract.Document.COLUMN_SIZE|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.DocumentsContract.Document.COLUMN_SUMMARY|
|int_android.provider.DocumentsContract.Document.FLAG_DIR_HIDE_GRID_TITLES|
|int_android.provider.DocumentsContract.Document.FLAG_DIR_PREFERS_GRID|
|int_android.provider.DocumentsContract.Document.FLAG_DIR_PREFERS_LAST_MODIFIED|
|int_android.provider.DocumentsContract.Document.FLAG_DIR_SUPPORTS_CREATE|
|int_android.provider.DocumentsContract.Document.FLAG_SUPPORTS_DELETE|
|int_android.provider.DocumentsContract.Document.FLAG_SUPPORTS_THUMBNAIL|
|int_android.provider.DocumentsContract.Document.FLAG_SUPPORTS_WRITE|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.DocumentsContract.Document.MIME_TYPE_DIR|

*android.provider.DocumentsContract.Document_Description*

Constants related to a document, including (|android.database.Cursor|) column 
names and flags. 

A document can be either an openable stream (with a specific MIME type), or a 
directory containing additional documents (with the 
(|android.provider.DocumentsContract.Document|) MIME type). A directory 
represents the top of a subtree containing zero or more documents, which can 
recursively contain even more documents and directories. 

All columns are read-only to client applications. 



*java.lang.String_android.provider.DocumentsContract.Document.COLUMN_DISPLAY_NAME*

Display name of a document, used as the primary title displayed to a user. This 
column is required. 

Type: STRING 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.DocumentsContract.Document.COLUMN_DOCUMENT_ID*

Unique ID of a document. This ID is both provided by and interpreted by a 
(|android.provider.DocumentsProvider|) , and should be treated as an opaque 
value by client applications. This column is required. 

Each document must have a unique ID within a provider, but that single document 
may be included as a child of multiple directories. 

A provider must always return durable IDs, since they will be used to issue 
long-term URI permission grants when an application interacts with 
(|android.content.Intent|) and (|android.content.Intent|) . 

Type: STRING 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.DocumentsContract.Document.COLUMN_FLAGS*

Flags that apply to a document. This column is required. 

Type: INTEGER (int) 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.DocumentsContract.Document.COLUMN_ICON*

Specific icon resource ID for a document. This column is optional, and may 
benullto use a platform-provided default icon based on 
(|android.provider.DocumentsContract.Document|) . 

Type: INTEGER (int) 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.DocumentsContract.Document.COLUMN_LAST_MODIFIED*

Timestamp when a document was last modified, in milliseconds since January 1, 
1970 00:00:00.0 UTC. This column is required, and may benullif unknown. A 
(|android.provider.DocumentsProvider|) can update this field using events from 
(|android.os.ParcelFileDescriptor.OnCloseListener|) or other reliable 
(|android.os.ParcelFileDescriptor|) transports. 

Type: INTEGER (long) 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.DocumentsContract.Document.COLUMN_MIME_TYPE*

Concrete MIME type of a document. For example, "image/png" or "application/pdf" 
for openable files. A document can also be a directory containing additional 
documents, which is represented with the 
(|android.provider.DocumentsContract.Document|) MIME type. This column is 
required. 

Type: STRING 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.DocumentsContract.Document.COLUMN_SIZE*

Size of a document, in bytes, ornullif unknown. This column is required. 

Type: INTEGER (long) 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.DocumentsContract.Document.COLUMN_SUMMARY*

Summary of a document, which may be shown to a user. This column is optional, 
and may benull. 

Type: STRING 


*int_android.provider.DocumentsContract.Document.FLAG_DIR_HIDE_GRID_TITLES*

Flag indicating that document titles should be hidden when viewing this 
directory in a larger format grid. For example, a directory containing only 
images may want the image thumbnails to speak for themselves. Only valid when 
(|android.provider.DocumentsContract.Document|) is 
(|android.provider.DocumentsContract.Document|) . 


*int_android.provider.DocumentsContract.Document.FLAG_DIR_PREFERS_GRID*

Flag indicating that a directory prefers its contents be shown in a larger 
format grid. Usually suitable when a directory contains mostly pictures. Only 
valid when (|android.provider.DocumentsContract.Document|) is 
(|android.provider.DocumentsContract.Document|) . 


*int_android.provider.DocumentsContract.Document.FLAG_DIR_PREFERS_LAST_MODIFIED*

Flag indicating that a directory prefers its contents be sorted by 
(|android.provider.DocumentsContract.Document|) . Only valid when 
(|android.provider.DocumentsContract.Document|) is 
(|android.provider.DocumentsContract.Document|) . 


*int_android.provider.DocumentsContract.Document.FLAG_DIR_SUPPORTS_CREATE*

Flag indicating that a document is a directory that supports creation of new 
files within it. Only valid when 
(|android.provider.DocumentsContract.Document|) is 
(|android.provider.DocumentsContract.Document|) . 


*int_android.provider.DocumentsContract.Document.FLAG_SUPPORTS_DELETE*

Flag indicating that a document is deletable. 


*int_android.provider.DocumentsContract.Document.FLAG_SUPPORTS_THUMBNAIL*

Flag indicating that a document can be represented as a thumbnail. 


*int_android.provider.DocumentsContract.Document.FLAG_SUPPORTS_WRITE*

Flag indicating that a document supports writing. 

When a document is opened with (|android.content.Intent|) , the calling 
application is granted both (|android.content.Intent|) and 
(|android.content.Intent|) . However, the actual writability of a document may 
change over time, for example due to remote access changes. This flag indicates 
that a document client can expect (|android.content.ContentResolver|) to 
succeed. 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.DocumentsContract.Document.MIME_TYPE_DIR*

MIME type of a document which is a directory that may contain additional 
documents. 



