*android.provider.ContactsContract.ContactNameColumns* *ContactsContract.ContactNameColumns* 

protected static interface interface ContactsContract.ContactNameColumns


|android.provider.ContactsContract.ContactNameColumns_Description|
|android.provider.ContactsContract.ContactNameColumns_Fields|
|android.provider.ContactsContract.ContactNameColumns_Constructors|
|android.provider.ContactsContract.ContactNameColumns_Methods|

================================================================================

*android.provider.ContactsContract.ContactNameColumns_Fields*
|java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.ContactNameColumns.DISPLAY_NAME_ALTERNATIVE|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.ContactNameColumns.DISPLAY_NAME_PRIMARY|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.ContactNameColumns.DISPLAY_NAME_SOURCE|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.ContactNameColumns.PHONETIC_NAME|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.ContactNameColumns.PHONETIC_NAME_STYLE|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.ContactNameColumns.SORT_KEY_ALTERNATIVE|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.ContactNameColumns.SORT_KEY_PRIMARY|

*android.provider.ContactsContract.ContactNameColumns_Description*

Contact name and contact name metadata columns in the RawContacts table. 



*java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.ContactNameColumns.DISPLAY_NAME_ALTERNATIVE*

An alternative representation of the display name, such as "family name first" 
instead of "given name first" for Western names. If an alternative is not 
available, the values should be the same as 
(|android.provider.ContactsContract.ContactNameColumns|) . 

A contacts provider is free to provide alternatives as necessary for its target 
market. For example the default Android Open Source Project contacts provider 
currently provides an alternative in a single case: if the display name is 
based on the structured name and the structured name follows the Western full 
name style, then the field contains the "family name first" version of the full 
name. Other cases may be added later. 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.ContactNameColumns.DISPLAY_NAME_PRIMARY*

The standard text shown as the contact's display name, based on the best 
available information for the contact (for example, it might be the email 
address if the name is not available). The information actually used to compute 
the name is stored in (|android.provider.ContactsContract.ContactNameColumns|) 
. 

A contacts provider is free to choose whatever representation makes most sense 
for its target market. For example in the default Android Open Source Project 
implementation, if the display name is based on the structured name and the 
structured name follows the Western full-name style, then this field contains 
the "given name first" version of the full name. 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.ContactNameColumns.DISPLAY_NAME_SOURCE*

The kind of data that is used as the display name for the contact, such as 
structured name or email address. See 
(|android.provider.ContactsContract.DisplayNameSources|) . 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.ContactNameColumns.PHONETIC_NAME*

Pronunciation of the full name in the phonetic alphabet specified by 
(|android.provider.ContactsContract.ContactNameColumns|) . 

The value may be set manually by the user. This capability is of interest only 
in countries with commonly used phonetic alphabets, such as Japan and Korea. 
See (|android.provider.ContactsContract.PhoneticNameStyle|) . 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.ContactNameColumns.PHONETIC_NAME_STYLE*

The phonetic alphabet used to represent the 
(|android.provider.ContactsContract.ContactNameColumns|) . See 
(|android.provider.ContactsContract.PhoneticNameStyle|) . 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.ContactNameColumns.SORT_KEY_ALTERNATIVE*

Sort key based on the alternative representation of the full name, 
(|android.provider.ContactsContract.ContactNameColumns|) . Thus for Western 
names, it is the one using the "family name first" format. 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.ContactNameColumns.SORT_KEY_PRIMARY*

Sort key that takes into account locale-based traditions for sorting names in 
address books. The default sort key is 
(|android.provider.ContactsContract.ContactNameColumns|) . For Chinese names 
the sort key is the name's Pinyin spelling, and for Japanese names it is the 
Hiragana version of the phonetic name. 



