*android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent* *AccessibilityEvent* 
 This clas

public final class AccessibilityEvent
  extends    |android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityRecord|
  implements |android.os.Parcelable|

|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent_Description|
|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent_Fields|
|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent_Constructors|
|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent_Methods|

================================================================================

*android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent_Fields*
|int_android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent.CONTENT_CHANGE_TYPE_CONTENT_DESCRIPTION|
|int_android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent.CONTENT_CHANGE_TYPE_SUBTREE|
|int_android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent.CONTENT_CHANGE_TYPE_TEXT|
|int_android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent.CONTENT_CHANGE_TYPE_UNDEFINED|
|android.os.Parcelable.Creator<android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent>_android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent.CREATOR|
|int_android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent.INVALID_POSITION|
|int_android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent.MAX_TEXT_LENGTH|
|int_android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent.TYPE_ANNOUNCEMENT|
|int_android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent.TYPE_GESTURE_DETECTION_END|
|int_android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent.TYPE_GESTURE_DETECTION_START|
|int_android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent.TYPE_NOTIFICATION_STATE_CHANGED|
|int_android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent.TYPE_TOUCH_EXPLORATION_GESTURE_END|
|int_android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent.TYPE_TOUCH_EXPLORATION_GESTURE_START|
|int_android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent.TYPE_TOUCH_INTERACTION_END|
|int_android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent.TYPE_TOUCH_INTERACTION_START|
|int_android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent.TYPE_VIEW_ACCESSIBILITY_FOCUS_CLEARED|
|int_android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent.TYPE_VIEW_ACCESSIBILITY_FOCUSED|
|int_android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent.TYPE_VIEW_CLICKED|
|int_android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent.TYPE_VIEW_FOCUSED|
|int_android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent.TYPE_VIEW_HOVER_ENTER|
|int_android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent.TYPE_VIEW_HOVER_EXIT|
|int_android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent.TYPE_VIEW_LONG_CLICKED|
|int_android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent.TYPE_VIEW_SCROLLED|
|int_android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent.TYPE_VIEW_SELECTED|
|int_android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent.TYPE_VIEW_TEXT_CHANGED|
|int_android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent.TYPE_VIEW_TEXT_SELECTION_CHANGED|
|int_android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent.TYPE_VIEW_TEXT_TRAVERSED_AT_MOVEMENT_GRANULARITY|
|int_android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent.TYPE_WINDOW_CONTENT_CHANGED|
|int_android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent.TYPE_WINDOW_STATE_CHANGED|
|int_android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent.TYPES_ALL_MASK|

*android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent_Methods*
|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent.appendRecord(AccessibilityRecord)|
|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent.clear()|Clears the state of this
|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent.describeContents()|
|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent.eventTypeToString(int)|Returns t
|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent.getAction()|Gets the performed a
|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent.getContentChangeTypes()|Gets the
|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent.getEventTime()|Gets the time in 
|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent.getEventType()|Gets the event ty
|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent.getMovementGranularity()|Gets th
|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent.getPackageName()|Gets the packag
|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent.getRecord(int)|Gets the record a
|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent.getRecordCount()|Gets the number
|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent.initFromParcel(Parcel)|Creates a
|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent.obtain()|Returns a cached instan
|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent.obtain(AccessibilityEvent)|Retur
|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent.obtain(int)|Returns a cached ins
|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent.recycle()|Recycles an instance b
|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent.setAction(int)|Sets the performe
|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent.setContentChangeTypes(int)|Sets 
|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent.setEventTime(long)|Sets the time
|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent.setEventType(int)|Sets the event
|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent.setMovementGranularity(int)|Sets
|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent.setPackageName(CharSequence)|Set
|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent.setSealed(boolean)|Sets if this 
|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent.toString()|
|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent.writeToParcel(Parcel,int)|

*android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent_Description*

This class represents accessibility events that are sent by the system when 
something notable happens in the user interface. For example, when a 
(|android.widget.Button|) is clicked, a (|android.view.View|) is focused, etc. 

An accessibility event is fired by an individual view which populates the event 
with data for its state and requests from its parent to send the event to 
interested parties. The parent can optionally add an 
(|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityRecord|) for itself before 
dispatching a similar request to its parent. A parent can also choose not to 
respect the request for sending an event. The accessibility event is sent by 
the topmost view in the view tree. Therefore, an 
(|android.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityService|) can explore all records 
in an accessibility event to obtain more information about the context in which 
the event was fired. 

The main purpose of an accessibility event is to expose enough information for 
an (|android.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityService|) to provide meaningful 
feedback to the user. Sometimes however, an accessibility service may need more 
contextual information then the one in the event pay-load. In such cases the 
service can obtain the event source which is an 
(|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfo|) (snapshot of a View state) 
which can be used for exploring the window content. Note that the privilege for 
accessing an event's source, thus the window content, has to be explicitly 
requested. For more details refer to 
(|android.accessibilityservice.AccessibilityService|) . If an accessibility 
service has not requested to retrieve the window content the event will not 
contain reference to its source. Also for events of type 
(|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) the source is never 
available. 

This class represents various semantically different accessibility event types. 
Each event type has an associated set of related properties. In other words, 
each event type is characterized via a subset of the properties exposed by this 
class. For each event type there is a corresponding constant defined in this 
class. Follows a specification of the event types and their associated 
properties: 

Developer Guides For more information about creating and processing 
AccessibilityEvents, read the <a 
href="guide/topics/ui/accessibility/index.html">Accessibility developer guide. 

VIEW TYPES 

View clicked - represents the event of clicking on a (|android.view.View|) like 
(|android.widget.Button|) , (|android.widget.CompoundButton|) , etc. Type: 
(|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) Properties: 

(|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) - The type of the event. 
(|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) - The source info (for 
registered clients). (|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) - The 
class name of the source. (|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) - 
The package name of the source. 
(|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) - The event time. 
(|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) - The text of the source's 
sub-tree. (|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) - Whether the 
source is enabled. (|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) - Whether 
the source is password. (|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) - 
Whether the source is checked. 
(|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) - The content description of 
the source. (|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) - The offset of 
the source left edge in pixels (without descendants of AdapterView). 
(|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) - The offset of the source 
top edge in pixels (without descendants of AdapterView). 
(|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) - The zero based index of the 
first visible item of the source, inclusive (for descendants of AdapterView). 
(|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) - The zero based index of the 
last visible item of the source, inclusive (for descendants of AdapterView). 
(|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) - The total items of the 
source (for descendants of AdapterView). 



View long clicked - represents the event of long clicking on a 
(|android.view.View|) like (|android.widget.Button|) , 
(|android.widget.CompoundButton|) , etc Type: 
(|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) Properties: 

(|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) - The type of the event. 
(|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) - The source info (for 
registered clients). (|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) - The 
class name of the source. (|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) - 
The package name of the source. 
(|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) - The event time. 
(|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) - The text of the source's 
sub-tree. (|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) - Whether the 
source is enabled. (|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) - Whether 
the source is password. (|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) - 
Whether the source is checked. 
(|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) - The content description of 
the source. (|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) - The offset of 
the source left edge in pixels (without descendants of AdapterView). 
(|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) - The offset of the source 
top edge in pixels (without descendants of AdapterView). 
(|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) - The zero based index of the 
first visible item of the source, inclusive (for descendants of AdapterView). 
(|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) - The zero based index of the 
last visible item of the source, inclusive (for descendants of AdapterView). 
(|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) - The total items of the 
source (for descendants of AdapterView). 



View selected - represents the event of selecting an item usually in the 
context of an (|android.widget.AdapterView|) . Type: 
(|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) Properties: 

(|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) - The type of the event. 
(|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) - The source info (for 
registered clients). (|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) - The 
class name of the source. (|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) - 
The package name of the source. 
(|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) - The event time. 
(|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) - The text of the source's 
sub-tree. (|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) - Whether the 
source is enabled. (|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) - Whether 
the source is password. (|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) - 
Whether the source is checked. 
(|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) - The number of selectable 
items of the source. (|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) - The 
currently selected item index. 
(|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) - The content description of 
the source. (|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) - The offset of 
the source left edge in pixels (without descendants of AdapterView). 
(|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) - The offset of the source 
top edge in pixels (without descendants of AdapterView). 
(|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) - The zero based index of the 
first visible item of the source, inclusive (for descendants of AdapterView). 
(|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) - The zero based index of the 
last visible item of the source, inclusive (for descendants of AdapterView). 
(|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) - The total items of the 
source (for descendants of AdapterView). 



View focused - represents the event of focusing a (|android.view.View|) . Type: 
(|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) Properties: 

(|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) - The type of the event. 
(|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) - The source info (for 
registered clients). (|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) - The 
class name of the source. (|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) - 
The package name of the source. 
(|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) - The event time. 
(|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) - The text of the source's 
sub-tree. (|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) - Whether the 
source is enabled. (|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) - Whether 
the source is password. (|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) - 
Whether the source is checked. 
(|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) - The number of focusable 
items on the screen. (|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) - The 
currently focused item index. (|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) 
- The content description of the source. 
(|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) - The offset of the source 
left edge in pixels (without descendants of AdapterView). 
(|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) - The offset of the source 
top edge in pixels (without descendants of AdapterView). 
(|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) - The zero based index of the 
first visible item of the source, inclusive (for descendants of AdapterView). 
(|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) - The zero based index of the 
last visible item of the source, inclusive (for descendants of AdapterView). 
(|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) - The total items of the 
source (for descendants of AdapterView). 



View text changed - represents the event of changing the text of an 
(|android.widget.EditText|) . Type: 
(|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) Properties: 

(|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) - The type of the event. 
(|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) - The source info (for 
registered clients). (|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) - The 
class name of the source. (|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) - 
The package name of the source. 
(|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) - The event time. 
(|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) - The text of the source. 
(|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) - Whether the source is 
enabled. (|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) - Whether the source 
is password. (|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) - Whether the 
source is checked. (|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) - The text 
change start index. (|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) - The 
number of added characters. (|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) - 
The number of removed characters. 
(|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) - The text of the source 
before the change. (|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) - The 
content description of the source. 



View text selection changed - represents the event of changing the text 
selection of an (|android.widget.EditText|) . Type: 
(|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) Properties: 

(|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) - The type of the event. 
(|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) - The source info (for 
registered clients). (|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) - The 
class name of the source. (|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) - 
The package name of the source. 
(|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) - The event time. 
(|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) - The text of the source. 
(|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) - Whether the source is 
password. (|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) - The selection 
start index. (|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) - The selection 
end index. (|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) - The length of 
the source text. (|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) - Whether 
the source is enabled. (|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) - The 
content description of the source. 

View text traversed at movement granularity - represents the event of 
traversing the text of a view at a given granularity. For example, moving to 
the next word. Type: (|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) 
Properties: 

(|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) - The type of the event. 
(|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) - The source info (for 
registered clients). (|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) - The 
class name of the source. (|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) - 
The package name of the source. 
(|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) - The event time. 
(|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) - Sets the granularity at 
which a view's text was traversed. 
(|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) - The text of the source's 
sub-tree. (|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) - The start of the 
next/previous text at the specified granularity - inclusive. 
(|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) - The end of the 
next/previous text at the specified granularity - exclusive. 
(|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) - Whether the source is 
password. (|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) - Whether the 
source is enabled. (|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) - The 
content description of the source. 
(|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) - Sets the granularity at 
which a view's text was traversed. 
(|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) - Gets traversal action which 
specifies the direction. 



View scrolled - represents the event of scrolling a view. If the source is a 
descendant of (|android.widget.AdapterView|) the scroll is reported in terms of 
visible items - the first visible item, the last visible item, and the total 
items - because the the source is unaware of its pixel size since its adapter 
is responsible for creating views. In all other cases the scroll is reported as 
the current scroll on the X and Y axis respectively plus the height of the 
source in pixels. Type: (|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) 
Properties: 

(|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) - The type of the event. 
(|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) - The source info (for 
registered clients). (|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) - The 
class name of the source. (|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) - 
The package name of the source. 
(|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) - The event time. 
(|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) - The text of the source's 
sub-tree. (|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) - Whether the 
source is enabled. (|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) - The 
content description of the source. 
(|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) - The offset of the source 
left edge in pixels (without descendants of AdapterView). 
(|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) - The offset of the source 
top edge in pixels (without descendants of AdapterView). 
(|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) - The zero based index of the 
first visible item of the source, inclusive (for descendants of AdapterView). 
(|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) - The zero based index of the 
last visible item of the source, inclusive (for descendants of AdapterView). 
(|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) - The total items of the 
source (for descendants of AdapterView). 

Note: This event type is not dispatched to descendants though 
View.dispatchPopulateAccessibilityEvent(AccessibilityEvent)(|android.view.View|)
, hence the event source (|android.view.View|) and the sub-tree rooted at it 
will not receive calls to 
View.onPopulateAccessibilityEvent(AccessibilityEvent)(|android.view.View|) . 
The preferred way to add text content to such events is by setting the 
contentDescription(|android.R.styleable|) of the source view. 

TRANSITION TYPES 

Window state changed - represents the event of opening a 
(|android.widget.PopupWindow|) , (|android.view.Menu|) , (|android.app.Dialog|) 
, etc. Type: (|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) Properties: 

(|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) - The type of the event. 
(|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) - The source info (for 
registered clients). (|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) - The 
class name of the source. (|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) - 
The package name of the source. 
(|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) - The event time. 
(|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) - The text of the source's 
sub-tree. (|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) - Whether the 
source is enabled. 



Window content changed - represents the event of change in the content of a 
window. This change can be adding/removing view, changing a view size, etc. 

Note: This event is fired only for the window source of the last accessibility 
event different from (|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) and its 
purpose is to notify clients that the content of the user interaction window 
has changed. Type: (|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) 
Properties: 

(|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) - The type of the event. 
(|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) - The type of content 
changes. (|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) - The source info 
(for registered clients). (|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) - 
The class name of the source. (|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) 
- The package name of the source. 
(|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) - The event time. 

Note: This event type is not dispatched to descendants though 
View.dispatchPopulateAccessibilityEvent(AccessibilityEvent)(|android.view.View|)
, hence the event source (|android.view.View|) and the sub-tree rooted at it 
will not receive calls to 
View.onPopulateAccessibilityEvent(AccessibilityEvent)(|android.view.View|) . 
The preferred way to add text content to such events is by setting the 
contentDescription(|android.R.styleable|) of the source view. 

NOTIFICATION TYPES 

Notification state changed - represents the event showing 
(|android.app.Notification|) . Type: 
(|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) Properties: 

(|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) - The type of the event. 
(|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) - The class name of the 
source. (|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) - The package name of 
the source. (|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) - The event time. 
(|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) - The text of the source's 
sub-tree. (|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) - The posted 
(|android.app.Notification|) . 
(|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) - Text for providing more 
context. 

Note: This event type is not dispatched to descendants though 
View.dispatchPopulateAccessibilityEvent(AccessibilityEvent)(|android.view.View|)
, hence the event source (|android.view.View|) and the sub-tree rooted at it 
will not receive calls to 
View.onPopulateAccessibilityEvent(AccessibilityEvent)(|android.view.View|) . 
The preferred way to add text content to such events is by setting the 
contentDescription(|android.R.styleable|) of the source view. 

EXPLORATION TYPES 

View hover enter - represents the event of beginning to hover over a 
(|android.view.View|) . The hover may be generated via exploring the screen by 
touch or via a pointing device. Type: 
(|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) Properties: 

(|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) - The type of the event. 
(|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) - The source info (for 
registered clients). (|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) - The 
class name of the source. (|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) - 
The package name of the source. 
(|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) - The event time. 
(|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) - The text of the source's 
sub-tree. (|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) - Whether the 
source is enabled. (|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) - The 
content description of the source. 
(|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) - The offset of the source 
left edge in pixels (without descendants of AdapterView). 
(|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) - The offset of the source 
top edge in pixels (without descendants of AdapterView). 
(|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) - The zero based index of the 
first visible item of the source, inclusive (for descendants of AdapterView). 
(|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) - The zero based index of the 
last visible item of the source, inclusive (for descendants of AdapterView). 
(|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) - The total items of the 
source (for descendants of AdapterView). 

View hover exit - represents the event of stopping to hover over a 
(|android.view.View|) . The hover may be generated via exploring the screen by 
touch or via a pointing device. Type: 
(|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) Properties: 

(|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) - The type of the event. 
(|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) - The source info (for 
registered clients). (|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) - The 
class name of the source. (|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) - 
The package name of the source. 
(|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) - The event time. 
(|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) - The text of the source's 
sub-tree. (|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) - Whether the 
source is enabled. (|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) - The 
content description of the source. 
(|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) - The offset of the source 
left edge in pixels (without descendants of AdapterView). 
(|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) - The offset of the source 
top edge in pixels (without descendants of AdapterView). 
(|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) - The zero based index of the 
first visible item of the source, inclusive (for descendants of AdapterView). 
(|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) - The zero based index of the 
last visible item of the source, inclusive (for descendants of AdapterView). 
(|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) - The total items of the 
source (for descendants of AdapterView). 



Touch interaction start - represents the event of starting a touch interaction, 
which is the user starts touching the screen. Type: 
(|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) Properties: 

(|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) - The type of the event. 

Note: This event is fired only by the system and is not passed to the view tree 
to be populated. 

Touch interaction end - represents the event of ending a touch interaction, 
which is the user stops touching the screen. Type: 
(|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) Properties: 

(|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) - The type of the event. 

Note: This event is fired only by the system and is not passed to the view tree 
to be populated. 

Touch exploration gesture start - represents the event of starting a touch 
exploring gesture. Type: (|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) 
Properties: 

(|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) - The type of the event. 

Note: This event is fired only by the system and is not passed to the view tree 
to be populated. 

Touch exploration gesture end - represents the event of ending a touch 
exploring gesture. Type: (|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) 
Properties: 

(|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) - The type of the event. 

Note: This event is fired only by the system and is not passed to the view tree 
to be populated. 

Touch gesture detection start - represents the event of starting a user gesture 
detection. Type: (|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) Properties: 

(|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) - The type of the event. 

Note: This event is fired only by the system and is not passed to the view tree 
to be populated. 

Touch gesture detection end - represents the event of ending a user gesture 
detection. Type: (|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) Properties: 

(|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) - The type of the event. 

Note: This event is fired only by the system and is not passed to the view tree 
to be populated. 

MISCELLANEOUS TYPES 

Announcement - represents the event of an application making an announcement. 
Usually this announcement is related to some sort of a context change for which 
none of the events representing UI transitions is a good fit. For example, 
announcing a new page in a book. Type: 
(|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) Properties: 

(|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) - The type of the event. 
(|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) - The source info (for 
registered clients). (|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) - The 
class name of the source. (|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) - 
The package name of the source. 
(|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) - The event time. 
(|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) - The text of the 
announcement. (|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) - Whether the 
source is enabled. 



Security note 

Since an event contains the text of its source privacy can be compromised by 
leaking sensitive information such as passwords. To address this issue any 
event fired in response to manipulation of a PASSWORD field does NOT CONTAIN 
the text of the password. 



*int_android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent.CONTENT_CHANGE_TYPE_CONTENT_DESCRIPTION*

Change type for (|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) event: The 
node's content description changed. 


*int_android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent.CONTENT_CHANGE_TYPE_SUBTREE*

Change type for (|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) event: A node 
in the subtree rooted at the source node was added or removed. 


*int_android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent.CONTENT_CHANGE_TYPE_TEXT*

Change type for (|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) event: The 
node's text changed. 


*int_android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent.CONTENT_CHANGE_TYPE_UNDEFINED*

Change type for (|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) event: The 
type of change is not defined. 


*android.os.Parcelable.Creator<android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent>_android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent.CREATOR*




*int_android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent.INVALID_POSITION*

Invalid selection/focus position. 


*int_android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent.MAX_TEXT_LENGTH*

Maximum length of the text fields. 


*int_android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent.TYPE_ANNOUNCEMENT*

Represents the event of an application making an announcement. 


*int_android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent.TYPE_GESTURE_DETECTION_END*

Represents the event of ending gesture detection. 


*int_android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent.TYPE_GESTURE_DETECTION_START*

Represents the event of beginning gesture detection. 


*int_android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent.TYPE_NOTIFICATION_STATE_CHANGED*

Represents the event showing a (|android.app.Notification|) . 


*int_android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent.TYPE_TOUCH_EXPLORATION_GESTURE_END*

Represents the event of ending a touch exploration gesture. 


*int_android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent.TYPE_TOUCH_EXPLORATION_GESTURE_START*

Represents the event of starting a touch exploration gesture. 


*int_android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent.TYPE_TOUCH_INTERACTION_END*

Represents the event of the user ending to touch the screen. 


*int_android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent.TYPE_TOUCH_INTERACTION_START*

Represents the event of the user starting to touch the screen. 


*int_android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent.TYPE_VIEW_ACCESSIBILITY_FOCUS_CLEARED*

Represents the event of clearing accessibility focus. 


*int_android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent.TYPE_VIEW_ACCESSIBILITY_FOCUSED*

Represents the event of gaining accessibility focus. 


*int_android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent.TYPE_VIEW_CLICKED*

Represents the event of clicking on a (|android.view.View|) like 
(|android.widget.Button|) , (|android.widget.CompoundButton|) , etc. 


*int_android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent.TYPE_VIEW_FOCUSED*

Represents the event of setting input focus of a (|android.view.View|) . 


*int_android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent.TYPE_VIEW_HOVER_ENTER*

Represents the event of a hover enter over a (|android.view.View|) . 


*int_android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent.TYPE_VIEW_HOVER_EXIT*

Represents the event of a hover exit over a (|android.view.View|) . 


*int_android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent.TYPE_VIEW_LONG_CLICKED*

Represents the event of long clicking on a (|android.view.View|) like 
(|android.widget.Button|) , (|android.widget.CompoundButton|) , etc. 


*int_android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent.TYPE_VIEW_SCROLLED*

Represents the event of scrolling a view. 


*int_android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent.TYPE_VIEW_SELECTED*

Represents the event of selecting an item usually in the context of an 
(|android.widget.AdapterView|) . 


*int_android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent.TYPE_VIEW_TEXT_CHANGED*

Represents the event of changing the text of an (|android.widget.EditText|) . 


*int_android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent.TYPE_VIEW_TEXT_SELECTION_CHANGED*

Represents the event of changing the selection in an 
(|android.widget.EditText|) . 


*int_android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent.TYPE_VIEW_TEXT_TRAVERSED_AT_MOVEMENT_GRANULARITY*

Represents the event of traversing the text of a view at a given movement 
granularity. 


*int_android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent.TYPE_WINDOW_CONTENT_CHANGED*

Represents the event of changing the content of a window and more specifically 
the sub-tree rooted at the event's source. 


*int_android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent.TYPE_WINDOW_STATE_CHANGED*

Represents the event of opening a (|android.widget.PopupWindow|) , 
(|android.view.Menu|) , (|android.app.Dialog|) , etc. 


*int_android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent.TYPES_ALL_MASK*

Mask for (|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) all types. 



*android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent.appendRecord(AccessibilityRecord)*

public void appendRecord(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityRecord record)

Appends an (|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityRecord|) to the end of 
event records. 


    record - The record to append. 

*android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent.clear()*

protected void clear()

Clears the state of this instance. 



*android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent.describeContents()*

public int describeContents()





*android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent.eventTypeToString(int)*

public static |java.lang.String| eventTypeToString(int eventType)

Returns the string representation of an event type. For example, 
(|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) is represented by the string 
TYPE_VIEW_CLICKED. 


    eventType - The event type 

    Returns: The string representation. 

*android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent.getAction()*

public int getAction()

Gets the performed action that triggered this event. 



    Returns: 

*android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent.getContentChangeTypes()*

public int getContentChangeTypes()

Gets the bit mask of change types signaled by an 
(|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) event. A single event may 
represent multiple change types. 



    Returns: The bit mask of change types. One or more of: 

{@link AccessibilityEvent#CONTENT_CHANGE_TYPE_CONTENT_DESCRIPTION} {@link 
             AccessibilityEvent#CONTENT_CHANGE_TYPE_SUBTREE} {@link 
             AccessibilityEvent#CONTENT_CHANGE_TYPE_TEXT} {@link 
             AccessibilityEvent#CONTENT_CHANGE_TYPE_UNDEFINED} 

*android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent.getEventTime()*

public long getEventTime()

Gets the time in which this event was sent. 



    Returns: The event time. 

*android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent.getEventType()*

public int getEventType()

Gets the event type. 



    Returns: The event type. 

*android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent.getMovementGranularity()*

public int getMovementGranularity()

Gets the movement granularity that was traversed. 



    Returns: The granularity. 

*android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent.getPackageName()*

public |java.lang.CharSequence| getPackageName()

Gets the package name of the source. 



    Returns: The package name. 

*android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent.getRecord(int)*

public |android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityRecord| getRecord(int index)

Gets the record at a given index. 


    index - The index. 

    Returns: The record at the specified index. 

*android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent.getRecordCount()*

public int getRecordCount()

Gets the number of records contained in the event. 



    Returns: The number of records. 

*android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent.initFromParcel(Parcel)*

public void initFromParcel(android.os.Parcel parcel)

Creates a new instance from a (|android.os.Parcel|) . 


    parcel - A parcel containing the state of a {@link AccessibilityEvent}. 

*android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent.obtain()*

public static |android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent| obtain()

Returns a cached instance if such is available or a new one is instantiated. 



    Returns: 

*android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent.obtain(AccessibilityEvent)*

public static |android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent| obtain(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent event)

Returns a cached instance if such is available or a new one is created. The 
returned instance is initialized from the given event. 


    event - The other event. 

    Returns: 

*android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent.obtain(int)*

public static |android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent| obtain(int eventType)

Returns a cached instance if such is available or a new one is instantiated 
with its type property set. 


    eventType - The event type. 

    Returns: 

*android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent.recycle()*

public void recycle()

Recycles an instance back to be reused. 

Note: You must not touch the object after calling this function. 



*android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent.setAction(int)*

public void setAction(int action)

Sets the performed action that triggered this event. 

Valid actions are defined in 
(|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfo|) : 

(|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfo|) 
(|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfo|) 
(|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfo|) 
(|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfo|) 
(|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfo|) etc. 


    action - The action. 

*android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent.setContentChangeTypes(int)*

public void setContentChangeTypes(int changeTypes)

Sets the bit mask of node tree changes signaled by an 
(|android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent|) event. 


    changeTypes - The bit mask of change types. 

*android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent.setEventTime(long)*

public void setEventTime(long eventTime)

Sets the time in which this event was sent. 


    eventTime - The event time. 

*android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent.setEventType(int)*

public void setEventType(int eventType)

Sets the event type. 


    eventType - The event type. 

*android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent.setMovementGranularity(int)*

public void setMovementGranularity(int granularity)

Sets the movement granularity that was traversed. 


    granularity - The granularity. 

*android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent.setPackageName(CharSequence)*

public void setPackageName(java.lang.CharSequence packageName)

Sets the package name of the source. 


    packageName - The package name. 

*android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent.setSealed(boolean)*

public void setSealed(boolean sealed)

Sets if this instance is sealed. 


    sealed - Whether is sealed. 

*android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent.toString()*

public |java.lang.String| toString()





*android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent.writeToParcel(Parcel,int)*

public void writeToParcel(
  android.os.Parcel parcel,
  int flags)






