*android.view.animation.AnimationSet* *AnimationSet* Represents a group of Anima

public class AnimationSet
  extends    |android.view.animation.Animation|

|android.view.animation.AnimationSet_Description|
|android.view.animation.AnimationSet_Fields|
|android.view.animation.AnimationSet_Constructors|
|android.view.animation.AnimationSet_Methods|

================================================================================

*android.view.animation.AnimationSet_Constructors*
|android.view.animation.AnimationSet(boolean)|Constructor to use when building 
|android.view.animation.AnimationSet(Context,AttributeSet)|Constructor used whe

*android.view.animation.AnimationSet_Methods*
|android.view.animation.AnimationSet.addAnimation(Animation)|Add a child animat
|android.view.animation.AnimationSet.clone()|
|android.view.animation.AnimationSet.computeDurationHint()|The duration hint of
|android.view.animation.AnimationSet.getAnimations()|
|android.view.animation.AnimationSet.getDuration()|The duration of an Animation
|android.view.animation.AnimationSet.getStartTime()|
|android.view.animation.AnimationSet.getTransformation(long,Transformation)|The
|android.view.animation.AnimationSet.hasAlpha()|
|android.view.animation.AnimationSet.initialize(int,int,int,int)|
|android.view.animation.AnimationSet.initializeInvalidateRegion(int,int,int,int)|
|android.view.animation.AnimationSet.reset()|
|android.view.animation.AnimationSet.restrictDuration(long)|
|android.view.animation.AnimationSet.scaleCurrentDuration(float)|
|android.view.animation.AnimationSet.setDuration(long)|Sets the duration of eve
|android.view.animation.AnimationSet.setFillAfter(boolean)|
|android.view.animation.AnimationSet.setFillBefore(boolean)|
|android.view.animation.AnimationSet.setRepeatMode(int)|
|android.view.animation.AnimationSet.setStartOffset(long)|
|android.view.animation.AnimationSet.setStartTime(long)|Sets the start time of 
|android.view.animation.AnimationSet.willChangeBounds()|
|android.view.animation.AnimationSet.willChangeTransformationMatrix()|

*android.view.animation.AnimationSet_Description*

Represents a group of Animations that should be played together. The 
transformation of each individual animation are composed together into a single 
transform. If AnimationSet sets any properties that its children also set (for 
example, duration or fillBefore), the values of AnimationSet override the child 
values. 

The way that AnimationSet inherits behavior from Animation is important to 
understand. Some of the Animation attributes applied to AnimationSet affect the 
AnimationSet itself, some are pushed down to the children, and some are 
ignored, as follows: 

duration, repeatMode, fillBefore, fillAfter: These properties, when set on an 
AnimationSet object, will be pushed down to all child animations. repeatCount, 
fillEnabled: These properties are ignored for AnimationSet. startOffset, 
shareInterpolator: These properties apply to the AnimationSet itself. 

Starting with (|android.os.Build.VERSION_CODES|) , the behavior of these 
properties is the same in XML resources and at runtime (prior to that release, 
the values set in XML were ignored for AnimationSet). That is, calling 
setDuration(500) on an AnimationSet has the same effect as declaring 
android:duration="500" in an XML resource for an AnimationSet object. 



*android.view.animation.AnimationSet(boolean)*

public AnimationSet(boolean shareInterpolator)

Constructor to use when building an AnimationSet from code 

    shareInterpolator - Pass true if all of the animations in this set should use the interpolator 
       associated with this AnimationSet. Pass false if each animation should 
       use its own interpolator. 

*android.view.animation.AnimationSet(Context,AttributeSet)*

public AnimationSet(
  android.content.Context context,
  android.util.AttributeSet attrs)

Constructor used when an AnimationSet is loaded from a resource. 

    context - Application context to use 
    attrs - Attribute set from which to read values 

*android.view.animation.AnimationSet.addAnimation(Animation)*

public void addAnimation(android.view.animation.Animation a)

Add a child animation to this animation set. The transforms of the child 
animations are applied in the order that they were added 


    a - Animation to add. 

*android.view.animation.AnimationSet.clone()*

protected |android.view.animation.AnimationSet| clone()
  throws |java.lang.CloneNotSupportedException|
         




*android.view.animation.AnimationSet.computeDurationHint()*

public long computeDurationHint()

The duration hint of an animation set is the maximum of the duration hints of 
all of its component animations. 



*android.view.animation.AnimationSet.getAnimations()*

public |java.util.List|<Animation> getAnimations()





    Returns: All the child animations in this AnimationSet. Note that this may include other 
             AnimationSets, which are not expanded. 

*android.view.animation.AnimationSet.getDuration()*

public long getDuration()

The duration of an AnimationSet is defined to be the duration of the longest 
child animation. 



*android.view.animation.AnimationSet.getStartTime()*

public long getStartTime()





*android.view.animation.AnimationSet.getTransformation(long,Transformation)*

public boolean getTransformation(
  long currentTime,
  android.view.animation.Transformation t)

The transformation of an animation set is the concatenation of all of its 
component animations. 



*android.view.animation.AnimationSet.hasAlpha()*

public boolean hasAlpha()





*android.view.animation.AnimationSet.initialize(int,int,int,int)*

public void initialize(
  int width,
  int height,
  int parentWidth,
  int parentHeight)





*android.view.animation.AnimationSet.initializeInvalidateRegion(int,int,int,int)*

public void initializeInvalidateRegion(
  int left,
  int top,
  int right,
  int bottom)





*android.view.animation.AnimationSet.reset()*

public void reset()





*android.view.animation.AnimationSet.restrictDuration(long)*

public void restrictDuration(long durationMillis)





*android.view.animation.AnimationSet.scaleCurrentDuration(float)*

public void scaleCurrentDuration(float scale)





*android.view.animation.AnimationSet.setDuration(long)*

public void setDuration(long durationMillis)

Sets the duration of every child animation. 


    durationMillis - the duration of the animation, in milliseconds, for every child in this set 

*android.view.animation.AnimationSet.setFillAfter(boolean)*

public void setFillAfter(boolean fillAfter)





*android.view.animation.AnimationSet.setFillBefore(boolean)*

public void setFillBefore(boolean fillBefore)





*android.view.animation.AnimationSet.setRepeatMode(int)*

public void setRepeatMode(int repeatMode)





*android.view.animation.AnimationSet.setStartOffset(long)*

public void setStartOffset(long startOffset)





*android.view.animation.AnimationSet.setStartTime(long)*

public void setStartTime(long startTimeMillis)

Sets the start time of this animation and all child animations 



*android.view.animation.AnimationSet.willChangeBounds()*

public boolean willChangeBounds()





*android.view.animation.AnimationSet.willChangeTransformationMatrix()*

public boolean willChangeTransformationMatrix()






