*android.provider.CallLog.Calls* *CallLog.Calls* Contains the recent calls.

public static class CallLog.Calls
  extends    |java.lang.Object|
  implements |android.provider.BaseColumns|

|android.provider.CallLog.Calls_Description|
|android.provider.CallLog.Calls_Fields|
|android.provider.CallLog.Calls_Constructors|
|android.provider.CallLog.Calls_Methods|

================================================================================

*android.provider.CallLog.Calls_Fields*
|java.lang.String_android.provider.CallLog.Calls.ALLOW_VOICEMAILS_PARAM_KEY|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.CallLog.Calls.CACHED_FORMATTED_NUMBER|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.CallLog.Calls.CACHED_LOOKUP_URI|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.CallLog.Calls.CACHED_MATCHED_NUMBER|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.CallLog.Calls.CACHED_NAME|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.CallLog.Calls.CACHED_NORMALIZED_NUMBER|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.CallLog.Calls.CACHED_NUMBER_LABEL|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.CallLog.Calls.CACHED_NUMBER_TYPE|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.CallLog.Calls.CACHED_PHOTO_ID|
|android.net.Uri_android.provider.CallLog.Calls.CONTENT_FILTER_URI|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.CallLog.Calls.CONTENT_ITEM_TYPE|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.CallLog.Calls.CONTENT_TYPE|
|android.net.Uri_android.provider.CallLog.Calls.CONTENT_URI|
|android.net.Uri_android.provider.CallLog.Calls.CONTENT_URI_WITH_VOICEMAIL|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.CallLog.Calls.COUNTRY_ISO|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.CallLog.Calls.DATE|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.CallLog.Calls.DEFAULT_SORT_ORDER|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.CallLog.Calls.DURATION|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.CallLog.Calls.GEOCODED_LOCATION|
|int_android.provider.CallLog.Calls.INCOMING_TYPE|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.CallLog.Calls.IS_READ|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.CallLog.Calls.LIMIT_PARAM_KEY|
|int_android.provider.CallLog.Calls.MISSED_TYPE|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.CallLog.Calls.NEW|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.CallLog.Calls.NUMBER|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.CallLog.Calls.NUMBER_PRESENTATION|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.CallLog.Calls.OFFSET_PARAM_KEY|
|int_android.provider.CallLog.Calls.OUTGOING_TYPE|
|int_android.provider.CallLog.Calls.PRESENTATION_ALLOWED|
|int_android.provider.CallLog.Calls.PRESENTATION_PAYPHONE|
|int_android.provider.CallLog.Calls.PRESENTATION_RESTRICTED|
|int_android.provider.CallLog.Calls.PRESENTATION_UNKNOWN|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.CallLog.Calls.TYPE|
|int_android.provider.CallLog.Calls.VOICEMAIL_TYPE|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.CallLog.Calls.VOICEMAIL_URI|

*android.provider.CallLog.Calls_Constructors*
|android.provider.CallLog.Calls()|

*android.provider.CallLog.Calls_Methods*
|android.provider.CallLog.Calls.addCall(CallerInfo,Context,String,int,int,long,int)|
|android.provider.CallLog.Calls.getLastOutgoingCall(Context)|Query the call log

*android.provider.CallLog.Calls_Description*

Contains the recent calls. 



*java.lang.String_android.provider.CallLog.Calls.ALLOW_VOICEMAILS_PARAM_KEY*

An optional URI parameter which instructs the provider to allow the operation 
to be applied to voicemail records as well. 

TYPE: Boolean 

Using this parameter with a value oftruewill result in a security error if the 
calling package does not have appropriate permissions to access voicemails. 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.CallLog.Calls.CACHED_FORMATTED_NUMBER*

The cached formatted phone number. This value is not guaranteed to be present. 
Type: TEXT 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.CallLog.Calls.CACHED_LOOKUP_URI*

The cached URI to look up the contact associated with the phone number, if it 
exists. This value is not guaranteed to be current, if the contact information 
associated with this number has changed. Type: TEXT 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.CallLog.Calls.CACHED_MATCHED_NUMBER*

The cached phone number of the contact which matches this entry, if it exists. 
This value is not guaranteed to be current, if the contact information 
associated with this number has changed. Type: TEXT 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.CallLog.Calls.CACHED_NAME*

The cached name associated with the phone number, if it exists. This value is 
not guaranteed to be current, if the contact information associated with this 
number has changed. Type: TEXT 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.CallLog.Calls.CACHED_NORMALIZED_NUMBER*

The cached normalized version of the phone number, if it exists. This value is 
not guaranteed to be current, if the contact information associated with this 
number has changed. Type: TEXT 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.CallLog.Calls.CACHED_NUMBER_LABEL*

The cached number label, for a custom number type, associated with the phone 
number, if it exists. This value is not guaranteed to be current, if the 
contact information associated with this number has changed. Type: TEXT 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.CallLog.Calls.CACHED_NUMBER_TYPE*

The cached number type (Home, Work, etc) associated with the phone number, if 
it exists. This value is not guaranteed to be current, if the contact 
information associated with this number has changed. Type: INTEGER 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.CallLog.Calls.CACHED_PHOTO_ID*

The cached photo id of the picture associated with the phone number, if it 
exists. This value is not guaranteed to be current, if the contact information 
associated with this number has changed. Type: INTEGER (long) 


*android.net.Uri_android.provider.CallLog.Calls.CONTENT_FILTER_URI*

The content:// style URL for filtering this table on phone numbers 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.CallLog.Calls.CONTENT_ITEM_TYPE*

The MIME type of a (|android.provider.CallLog.Calls|) sub-directory of a single 
call. 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.CallLog.Calls.CONTENT_TYPE*

The MIME type of (|android.provider.CallLog.Calls|) and 
(|android.provider.CallLog.Calls|) providing a directory of calls. 


*android.net.Uri_android.provider.CallLog.Calls.CONTENT_URI*

The content:// style URL for this table 


*android.net.Uri_android.provider.CallLog.Calls.CONTENT_URI_WITH_VOICEMAIL*

Content uri with (|android.provider.CallLog.Calls|) set. This can directly be 
used to access call log entries that includes voicemail records. 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.CallLog.Calls.COUNTRY_ISO*

The ISO 3166-1 two letters country code of the country where the user received 
or made the call. 

Type: TEXT 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.CallLog.Calls.DATE*

The date the call occured, in milliseconds since the epoch Type: INTEGER (long) 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.CallLog.Calls.DEFAULT_SORT_ORDER*

The default sort order for this table 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.CallLog.Calls.DURATION*

The duration of the call in seconds Type: INTEGER (long) 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.CallLog.Calls.GEOCODED_LOCATION*

A geocoded location for the number associated with this call. 

The string represents a city, state, or country associated with the number. 
Type: TEXT 


*int_android.provider.CallLog.Calls.INCOMING_TYPE*

Call log type for incoming calls. 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.CallLog.Calls.IS_READ*

Whether this item has been read or otherwise consumed by the user. 

Unlike the (|android.provider.CallLog.Calls|) field, which requires the user to 
have acknowledged the existence of the entry, this implies the user has 
interacted with the entry. Type: INTEGER (boolean) 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.CallLog.Calls.LIMIT_PARAM_KEY*

Query parameter used to limit the number of call logs returned. 

TYPE: integer 


*int_android.provider.CallLog.Calls.MISSED_TYPE*

Call log type for missed calls. 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.CallLog.Calls.NEW*

Whether or not the call has been acknowledged Type: INTEGER (boolean) 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.CallLog.Calls.NUMBER*

The phone number as the user entered it. Type: TEXT 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.CallLog.Calls.NUMBER_PRESENTATION*

The number presenting rules set by the network. 

Allowed values: 

(|android.provider.CallLog.Calls|) (|android.provider.CallLog.Calls|) 
(|android.provider.CallLog.Calls|) (|android.provider.CallLog.Calls|) 



Type: INTEGER 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.CallLog.Calls.OFFSET_PARAM_KEY*

Query parameter used to specify the starting record to return. 

TYPE: integer 


*int_android.provider.CallLog.Calls.OUTGOING_TYPE*

Call log type for outgoing calls. 


*int_android.provider.CallLog.Calls.PRESENTATION_ALLOWED*

Number is allowed to display for caller id. 


*int_android.provider.CallLog.Calls.PRESENTATION_PAYPHONE*

Number is a pay phone. 


*int_android.provider.CallLog.Calls.PRESENTATION_RESTRICTED*

Number is blocked by user. 


*int_android.provider.CallLog.Calls.PRESENTATION_UNKNOWN*

Number is not specified or unknown by network. 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.CallLog.Calls.TYPE*

The type of the call (incoming, outgoing or missed). Type: INTEGER (int) 


*int_android.provider.CallLog.Calls.VOICEMAIL_TYPE*

Call log type for voicemails. 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.CallLog.Calls.VOICEMAIL_URI*

URI of the voicemail entry. Populated only for 
(|android.provider.CallLog.Calls|) . Type: TEXT 



*android.provider.CallLog.Calls()*

public CallLog.Calls()




*android.provider.CallLog.Calls.addCall(CallerInfo,Context,String,int,int,long,int)*

public static |android.net.Uri| addCall(
  CallerInfo ci,
  android.content.Context context,
  java.lang.String number,
  int presentation,
  int callType,
  long start,
  int duration)

Adds a call to the call log. 


    ci - the CallerInfo object to get the target contact from. Can be null if the 
       contact is unknown. 
    context - the context used to get the ContentResolver 
    number - the phone number to be added to the calls db 
    presentation - enum value from PhoneConstants.PRESENTATION_xxx, which is set by the network 
       and denotes the number presenting rules for "allowed", "payphone", 
       "restricted" or "unknown" 
    callType - enumerated values for "incoming", "outgoing", or "missed" 
    start - time stamp for the call in milliseconds 
    duration - call duration in seconds 

{@hide} 

*android.provider.CallLog.Calls.getLastOutgoingCall(Context)*

public static |java.lang.String| getLastOutgoingCall(android.content.Context context)

Query the call log database for the last dialed number. 


    context - Used to get the content resolver. 

    Returns: The last phone number dialed (outgoing) or an empty string if none exist yet. 


