*android.hardware.camera2.CameraCharacteristics* *CameraCharacteristics* The pro

public final class CameraCharacteristics
  extends    |android.hardware.camera2.CameraMetadata|

|android.hardware.camera2.CameraCharacteristics_Description|
|android.hardware.camera2.CameraCharacteristics_Fields|
|android.hardware.camera2.CameraCharacteristics_Constructors|
|android.hardware.camera2.CameraCharacteristics_Methods|

================================================================================

*android.hardware.camera2.CameraCharacteristics_Fields*
|android.hardware.camera2.CameraMetadata.Key<byte[]>_android.hardware.camera2.CameraCharacteristics.CONTROL_AE_AVAILABLE_ANTIBANDING_MODES|
|android.hardware.camera2.CameraMetadata.Key<int[]>_android.hardware.camera2.CameraCharacteristics.CONTROL_AE_AVAILABLE_TARGET_FPS_RANGES|
|android.hardware.camera2.CameraMetadata.Key<int[]>_android.hardware.camera2.CameraCharacteristics.CONTROL_AE_COMPENSATION_RANGE|
|android.hardware.camera2.CameraMetadata.Key<android.hardware.camera2.Rational>_android.hardware.camera2.CameraCharacteristics.CONTROL_AE_COMPENSATION_STEP|
|android.hardware.camera2.CameraMetadata.Key<byte[]>_android.hardware.camera2.CameraCharacteristics.CONTROL_AF_AVAILABLE_MODES|
|android.hardware.camera2.CameraMetadata.Key<byte[]>_android.hardware.camera2.CameraCharacteristics.CONTROL_AVAILABLE_EFFECTS|
|android.hardware.camera2.CameraMetadata.Key<byte[]>_android.hardware.camera2.CameraCharacteristics.CONTROL_AVAILABLE_SCENE_MODES|
|android.hardware.camera2.CameraMetadata.Key<byte[]>_android.hardware.camera2.CameraCharacteristics.CONTROL_AVAILABLE_VIDEO_STABILIZATION_MODES|
|android.hardware.camera2.CameraMetadata.Key<byte[]>_android.hardware.camera2.CameraCharacteristics.CONTROL_AWB_AVAILABLE_MODES|
|android.hardware.camera2.CameraMetadata.Key<java.lang.Integer>_android.hardware.camera2.CameraCharacteristics.CONTROL_MAX_REGIONS|
|android.hardware.camera2.CameraMetadata.Key<java.lang.Byte>_android.hardware.camera2.CameraCharacteristics.FLASH_INFO_AVAILABLE|
|android.hardware.camera2.CameraMetadata.Key<java.lang.Integer>_android.hardware.camera2.CameraCharacteristics.INFO_SUPPORTED_HARDWARE_LEVEL|
|android.hardware.camera2.CameraMetadata.Key<android.hardware.camera2.Size[]>_android.hardware.camera2.CameraCharacteristics.JPEG_AVAILABLE_THUMBNAIL_SIZES|
|android.hardware.camera2.CameraMetadata.Key<int[]>_android.hardware.camera2.CameraCharacteristics.LED_AVAILABLE_LEDS|
|android.hardware.camera2.CameraMetadata.Key<java.lang.Integer>_android.hardware.camera2.CameraCharacteristics.LENS_FACING|
|android.hardware.camera2.CameraMetadata.Key<float[]>_android.hardware.camera2.CameraCharacteristics.LENS_INFO_AVAILABLE_APERTURES|
|android.hardware.camera2.CameraMetadata.Key<float[]>_android.hardware.camera2.CameraCharacteristics.LENS_INFO_AVAILABLE_FILTER_DENSITIES|
|android.hardware.camera2.CameraMetadata.Key<float[]>_android.hardware.camera2.CameraCharacteristics.LENS_INFO_AVAILABLE_FOCAL_LENGTHS|
|android.hardware.camera2.CameraMetadata.Key<byte[]>_android.hardware.camera2.CameraCharacteristics.LENS_INFO_AVAILABLE_OPTICAL_STABILIZATION|
|android.hardware.camera2.CameraMetadata.Key<java.lang.Float>_android.hardware.camera2.CameraCharacteristics.LENS_INFO_HYPERFOCAL_DISTANCE|
|android.hardware.camera2.CameraMetadata.Key<java.lang.Float>_android.hardware.camera2.CameraCharacteristics.LENS_INFO_MINIMUM_FOCUS_DISTANCE|
|android.hardware.camera2.CameraMetadata.Key<android.hardware.camera2.Size>_android.hardware.camera2.CameraCharacteristics.LENS_INFO_SHADING_MAP_SIZE|
|android.hardware.camera2.CameraMetadata.Key<java.lang.Byte>_android.hardware.camera2.CameraCharacteristics.QUIRKS_USE_PARTIAL_RESULT|
|android.hardware.camera2.CameraMetadata.Key<int[]>_android.hardware.camera2.CameraCharacteristics.REQUEST_MAX_NUM_OUTPUT_STREAMS|
|android.hardware.camera2.CameraMetadata.Key<int[]>_android.hardware.camera2.CameraCharacteristics.SCALER_AVAILABLE_FORMATS|
|android.hardware.camera2.CameraMetadata.Key<long[]>_android.hardware.camera2.CameraCharacteristics.SCALER_AVAILABLE_JPEG_MIN_DURATIONS|
|android.hardware.camera2.CameraMetadata.Key<android.hardware.camera2.Size[]>_android.hardware.camera2.CameraCharacteristics.SCALER_AVAILABLE_JPEG_SIZES|
|android.hardware.camera2.CameraMetadata.Key<java.lang.Float>_android.hardware.camera2.CameraCharacteristics.SCALER_AVAILABLE_MAX_DIGITAL_ZOOM|
|android.hardware.camera2.CameraMetadata.Key<long[]>_android.hardware.camera2.CameraCharacteristics.SCALER_AVAILABLE_PROCESSED_MIN_DURATIONS|
|android.hardware.camera2.CameraMetadata.Key<android.hardware.camera2.Size[]>_android.hardware.camera2.CameraCharacteristics.SCALER_AVAILABLE_PROCESSED_SIZES|
|android.hardware.camera2.CameraMetadata.Key<android.hardware.camera2.Rational>_android.hardware.camera2.CameraCharacteristics.SENSOR_BASE_GAIN_FACTOR|
|android.hardware.camera2.CameraMetadata.Key<android.graphics.Rect>_android.hardware.camera2.CameraCharacteristics.SENSOR_INFO_ACTIVE_ARRAY_SIZE|
|android.hardware.camera2.CameraMetadata.Key<long[]>_android.hardware.camera2.CameraCharacteristics.SENSOR_INFO_EXPOSURE_TIME_RANGE|
|android.hardware.camera2.CameraMetadata.Key<java.lang.Long>_android.hardware.camera2.CameraCharacteristics.SENSOR_INFO_MAX_FRAME_DURATION|
|android.hardware.camera2.CameraMetadata.Key<float[]>_android.hardware.camera2.CameraCharacteristics.SENSOR_INFO_PHYSICAL_SIZE|
|android.hardware.camera2.CameraMetadata.Key<int[]>_android.hardware.camera2.CameraCharacteristics.SENSOR_INFO_SENSITIVITY_RANGE|
|android.hardware.camera2.CameraMetadata.Key<java.lang.Integer>_android.hardware.camera2.CameraCharacteristics.SENSOR_MAX_ANALOG_SENSITIVITY|
|android.hardware.camera2.CameraMetadata.Key<java.lang.Integer>_android.hardware.camera2.CameraCharacteristics.SENSOR_ORIENTATION|
|android.hardware.camera2.CameraMetadata.Key<byte[]>_android.hardware.camera2.CameraCharacteristics.STATISTICS_INFO_AVAILABLE_FACE_DETECT_MODES|
|android.hardware.camera2.CameraMetadata.Key<java.lang.Integer>_android.hardware.camera2.CameraCharacteristics.STATISTICS_INFO_MAX_FACE_COUNT|
|android.hardware.camera2.CameraMetadata.Key<java.lang.Integer>_android.hardware.camera2.CameraCharacteristics.TONEMAP_MAX_CURVE_POINTS|

*android.hardware.camera2.CameraCharacteristics_Constructors*
|android.hardware.camera2.CameraCharacteristics(CameraMetadataNative)|Takes own

*android.hardware.camera2.CameraCharacteristics_Methods*
|android.hardware.camera2.CameraCharacteristics.get(CameraMetadata.Key<T>)|
|android.hardware.camera2.CameraCharacteristics.getAvailableCaptureRequestKeys()|
|android.hardware.camera2.CameraCharacteristics.getAvailableCaptureResultKeys()|

*android.hardware.camera2.CameraCharacteristics_Description*

The properties describing a 
CameraDevice(|android.hardware.camera2.CameraDevice|) . 

These properties are fixed for a given CameraDevice, and can be queried through 
the CameraManager(|android.hardware.camera2.CameraManager|) interface in 
addition to through the CameraDevice interface. 



*android.hardware.camera2.CameraMetadata.Key<byte[]>_android.hardware.camera2.CameraCharacteristics.CONTROL_AE_AVAILABLE_ANTIBANDING_MODES*

Which set of antibanding modes are supported 


*android.hardware.camera2.CameraMetadata.Key<int[]>_android.hardware.camera2.CameraCharacteristics.CONTROL_AE_AVAILABLE_TARGET_FPS_RANGES*

List of frame rate ranges supported by the AE algorithm/hardware 


*android.hardware.camera2.CameraMetadata.Key<int[]>_android.hardware.camera2.CameraCharacteristics.CONTROL_AE_COMPENSATION_RANGE*

Maximum and minimum exposure compensation setting, in counts of 
android.control.aeCompensationStepSize 


*android.hardware.camera2.CameraMetadata.Key<android.hardware.camera2.Rational>_android.hardware.camera2.CameraCharacteristics.CONTROL_AE_COMPENSATION_STEP*

Smallest step by which exposure compensation can be changed 


*android.hardware.camera2.CameraMetadata.Key<byte[]>_android.hardware.camera2.CameraCharacteristics.CONTROL_AF_AVAILABLE_MODES*

List of AF modes that can be selected 


*android.hardware.camera2.CameraMetadata.Key<byte[]>_android.hardware.camera2.CameraCharacteristics.CONTROL_AVAILABLE_EFFECTS*

what subset of the full color effect enum list is supported 


*android.hardware.camera2.CameraMetadata.Key<byte[]>_android.hardware.camera2.CameraCharacteristics.CONTROL_AVAILABLE_SCENE_MODES*

what subset of the scene mode enum list is supported. 


*android.hardware.camera2.CameraMetadata.Key<byte[]>_android.hardware.camera2.CameraCharacteristics.CONTROL_AVAILABLE_VIDEO_STABILIZATION_MODES*

List of video stabilization modes that can be supported 


*android.hardware.camera2.CameraMetadata.Key<byte[]>_android.hardware.camera2.CameraCharacteristics.CONTROL_AWB_AVAILABLE_MODES*




*android.hardware.camera2.CameraMetadata.Key<java.lang.Integer>_android.hardware.camera2.CameraCharacteristics.CONTROL_MAX_REGIONS*

For AE, AWB, and AF, how many individual regions can be listed for metering? 


*android.hardware.camera2.CameraMetadata.Key<java.lang.Byte>_android.hardware.camera2.CameraCharacteristics.FLASH_INFO_AVAILABLE*

Whether this camera has a flash 

If no flash, none of the flash controls do anything. All other metadata should 
return 0 


*android.hardware.camera2.CameraMetadata.Key<java.lang.Integer>_android.hardware.camera2.CameraCharacteristics.INFO_SUPPORTED_HARDWARE_LEVEL*

The camera 3 HAL device can implement one of two possible operational modes; 
limited and full. Full support is expected from new higher-end devices. Limited 
mode has hardware requirements roughly in line with those for a camera HAL 
device v1 implementation, and is expected from older or inexpensive devices. 
Full is a strict superset of limited, and they share the same essential 
operational flow. 

For full details refer to "S3. Operational Modes" in camera3.h 


*android.hardware.camera2.CameraMetadata.Key<android.hardware.camera2.Size[]>_android.hardware.camera2.CameraCharacteristics.JPEG_AVAILABLE_THUMBNAIL_SIZES*

Supported resolutions for the JPEG thumbnail 


*android.hardware.camera2.CameraMetadata.Key<int[]>_android.hardware.camera2.CameraCharacteristics.LED_AVAILABLE_LEDS*

A list of camera LEDs that are available on this system. 


*android.hardware.camera2.CameraMetadata.Key<java.lang.Integer>_android.hardware.camera2.CameraCharacteristics.LENS_FACING*

Direction the camera faces relative to device screen 


*android.hardware.camera2.CameraMetadata.Key<float[]>_android.hardware.camera2.CameraCharacteristics.LENS_INFO_AVAILABLE_APERTURES*

List of supported aperture values 

If variable aperture not available, only setting should be for the fixed 
aperture 


*android.hardware.camera2.CameraMetadata.Key<float[]>_android.hardware.camera2.CameraCharacteristics.LENS_INFO_AVAILABLE_FILTER_DENSITIES*

List of supported ND filter values 

If not available, only setting is 0. Otherwise, lists the available exposure 
index values for dimming (2 would mean the filter is set to reduce incoming 
light by two stops) 


*android.hardware.camera2.CameraMetadata.Key<float[]>_android.hardware.camera2.CameraCharacteristics.LENS_INFO_AVAILABLE_FOCAL_LENGTHS*

If fitted with optical zoom, what focal lengths are available. If not, the 
static focal length 

If optical zoom not supported, only one value should be reported 


*android.hardware.camera2.CameraMetadata.Key<byte[]>_android.hardware.camera2.CameraCharacteristics.LENS_INFO_AVAILABLE_OPTICAL_STABILIZATION*

List of supported optical image stabilization modes 


*android.hardware.camera2.CameraMetadata.Key<java.lang.Float>_android.hardware.camera2.CameraCharacteristics.LENS_INFO_HYPERFOCAL_DISTANCE*

Hyperfocal distance for this lens; set to 0 if fixed focus 

The hyperfocal distance is used for the old API's 'fixed' setting 


*android.hardware.camera2.CameraMetadata.Key<java.lang.Float>_android.hardware.camera2.CameraCharacteristics.LENS_INFO_MINIMUM_FOCUS_DISTANCE*

Shortest distance from frontmost surface of the lens that can be focused 
correctly 

If the lens is fixed-focus, this should be 0 


*android.hardware.camera2.CameraMetadata.Key<android.hardware.camera2.Size>_android.hardware.camera2.CameraCharacteristics.LENS_INFO_SHADING_MAP_SIZE*

Dimensions of lens shading map 


*android.hardware.camera2.CameraMetadata.Key<java.lang.Byte>_android.hardware.camera2.CameraCharacteristics.QUIRKS_USE_PARTIAL_RESULT*

If set to 1, the HAL will always split result metadata for a single capture 
into multiple buffers, returned using multiple process_capture_result calls. 

Does not need to be listed in static metadata. Support for partial results will 
be reworked in future versions of camera service. This quirk will stop working 
at that point; DO NOT USE without careful consideration of future support. 

Optional - This value may be null on some devices. 


*android.hardware.camera2.CameraMetadata.Key<int[]>_android.hardware.camera2.CameraCharacteristics.REQUEST_MAX_NUM_OUTPUT_STREAMS*

How many output streams can be allocated at the same time for each type of 
stream 

Video snapshot with preview callbacks requires 3 processed streams (preview, 
record, app callbacks) and one JPEG stream (snapshot) 


*android.hardware.camera2.CameraMetadata.Key<int[]>_android.hardware.camera2.CameraCharacteristics.SCALER_AVAILABLE_FORMATS*

List of app-visible formats 


*android.hardware.camera2.CameraMetadata.Key<long[]>_android.hardware.camera2.CameraCharacteristics.SCALER_AVAILABLE_JPEG_MIN_DURATIONS*

The minimum frame duration that is supported for each resolution in 
availableJpegSizes. Should correspond to the frame duration when only that JPEG 
stream is active and captured in a burst, with all processing set to FAST 

When multiple streams are configured, the minimum frame duration will be >= 
max(individual stream min durations) 


*android.hardware.camera2.CameraMetadata.Key<android.hardware.camera2.Size[]>_android.hardware.camera2.CameraCharacteristics.SCALER_AVAILABLE_JPEG_SIZES*

The resolutions available for output from the JPEG block. Listed as width x 
height 


*android.hardware.camera2.CameraMetadata.Key<java.lang.Float>_android.hardware.camera2.CameraCharacteristics.SCALER_AVAILABLE_MAX_DIGITAL_ZOOM*

The maximum ratio between active area width and crop region width, or between 
active area height and crop region height, if the crop region height is larger 
than width 


*android.hardware.camera2.CameraMetadata.Key<long[]>_android.hardware.camera2.CameraCharacteristics.SCALER_AVAILABLE_PROCESSED_MIN_DURATIONS*

The minimum frame duration that is supported for each resolution in 
availableProcessedSizes. Should correspond to the frame duration when only that 
processed stream is active, with all processing set to FAST 

When multiple streams are configured, the minimum frame duration will be >= 
max(individual stream min durations) 


*android.hardware.camera2.CameraMetadata.Key<android.hardware.camera2.Size[]>_android.hardware.camera2.CameraCharacteristics.SCALER_AVAILABLE_PROCESSED_SIZES*

The resolutions available for use with processed output streams, such as YV12, 
NV12, and platform opaque YUV/RGB streams to the GPU or video encoders. Listed 
as width, height 

The actual supported resolution list may be limited by consumer end points for 
different use cases. For example, for recording use case, the largest supported 
resolution may be limited by max supported size from encoder, for preview use 
case, the largest supported resolution may be limited by max resolution 
SurfaceTexture/SurfaceView can support. 


*android.hardware.camera2.CameraMetadata.Key<android.hardware.camera2.Rational>_android.hardware.camera2.CameraCharacteristics.SENSOR_BASE_GAIN_FACTOR*

Gain factor from electrons to raw units when ISO=100 

Optional - This value may be null on some devices. 

HARDWARE_LEVEL_FULL(|android.hardware.camera2.CameraCharacteristics|) - Present 
on all devices that report being FULL level hardware devices in the 
HARDWARE_LEVEL(|android.hardware.camera2.CameraCharacteristics|) key. 


*android.hardware.camera2.CameraMetadata.Key<android.graphics.Rect>_android.hardware.camera2.CameraCharacteristics.SENSOR_INFO_ACTIVE_ARRAY_SIZE*

Area of raw data which corresponds to only active pixels; smaller or equal to 
pixelArraySize. 


*android.hardware.camera2.CameraMetadata.Key<long[]>_android.hardware.camera2.CameraCharacteristics.SENSOR_INFO_EXPOSURE_TIME_RANGE*

Range of valid exposure times 


*android.hardware.camera2.CameraMetadata.Key<java.lang.Long>_android.hardware.camera2.CameraCharacteristics.SENSOR_INFO_MAX_FRAME_DURATION*

Maximum possible frame duration (minimum frame rate) 

Minimum duration is a function of resolution, processing settings. See 
android.scaler.availableProcessedMinDurations 
android.scaler.availableJpegMinDurations 
android.scaler.availableRawMinDurations 


*android.hardware.camera2.CameraMetadata.Key<float[]>_android.hardware.camera2.CameraCharacteristics.SENSOR_INFO_PHYSICAL_SIZE*

The physical dimensions of the full pixel array 

Needed for FOV calculation for old API 


*android.hardware.camera2.CameraMetadata.Key<int[]>_android.hardware.camera2.CameraCharacteristics.SENSOR_INFO_SENSITIVITY_RANGE*

Range of valid sensitivities 


*android.hardware.camera2.CameraMetadata.Key<java.lang.Integer>_android.hardware.camera2.CameraCharacteristics.SENSOR_MAX_ANALOG_SENSITIVITY*

Maximum sensitivity that is implemented purely through analog gain 

For android.sensor.sensitivity values less than or equal to this, all applied 
gain must be analog. For values above this, it can be a mix of analog and 
digital 

Optional - This value may be null on some devices. 

HARDWARE_LEVEL_FULL(|android.hardware.camera2.CameraCharacteristics|) - Present 
on all devices that report being FULL level hardware devices in the 
HARDWARE_LEVEL(|android.hardware.camera2.CameraCharacteristics|) key. 


*android.hardware.camera2.CameraMetadata.Key<java.lang.Integer>_android.hardware.camera2.CameraCharacteristics.SENSOR_ORIENTATION*

Clockwise angle through which the output image needs to be rotated to be 
upright on the device screen in its native orientation. Also defines the 
direction of rolling shutter readout, which is from top to bottom in the 
sensor's coordinate system 


*android.hardware.camera2.CameraMetadata.Key<byte[]>_android.hardware.camera2.CameraCharacteristics.STATISTICS_INFO_AVAILABLE_FACE_DETECT_MODES*

Which face detection modes are available, if any 

OFF means face detection is disabled, it must be included in the list. 

SIMPLE means the device supports the android.statistics.faceRectangles and 
android.statistics.faceScores outputs. 

FULL means the device additionally supports the android.statistics.faceIds and 
android.statistics.faceLandmarks outputs. 


*android.hardware.camera2.CameraMetadata.Key<java.lang.Integer>_android.hardware.camera2.CameraCharacteristics.STATISTICS_INFO_MAX_FACE_COUNT*

Maximum number of simultaneously detectable faces 


*android.hardware.camera2.CameraMetadata.Key<java.lang.Integer>_android.hardware.camera2.CameraCharacteristics.TONEMAP_MAX_CURVE_POINTS*

Maximum number of supported points in the tonemap curve 



*android.hardware.camera2.CameraCharacteristics(CameraMetadataNative)*

public CameraCharacteristics(android.hardware.camera2.impl.CameraMetadataNative properties)

Takes ownership of the passed-in properties object 


*android.hardware.camera2.CameraCharacteristics.get(CameraMetadata.Key<T>)*

public |T| get(android.hardware.camera2.CameraMetadata.Key<T> key)





*android.hardware.camera2.CameraCharacteristics.getAvailableCaptureRequestKeys()*

public |java.util.List|<Key<?>> getAvailableCaptureRequestKeys()

Returns the list of keys supported by this 
(|android.hardware.camera2.CameraDevice|) for querying with a 
(|android.hardware.camera2.CaptureRequest|) . 

The list returned is not modifiable, so any attempts to modify it will throw 
aUnsupportedOperationException. 

Each key is only listed once in the list. The order of the keys is undefined. 

Note that there is nogetAvailableCameraCharacteristicsKeys()-- use 
(|android.hardware.camera2.CameraCharacteristics|) instead. 



    Returns: List of keys supported by this CameraDevice for CaptureRequests. 

*android.hardware.camera2.CameraCharacteristics.getAvailableCaptureResultKeys()*

public |java.util.List|<Key<?>> getAvailableCaptureResultKeys()

Returns the list of keys supported by this 
(|android.hardware.camera2.CameraDevice|) for querying with a 
(|android.hardware.camera2.CaptureResult|) . 

The list returned is not modifiable, so any attempts to modify it will throw 
aUnsupportedOperationException. 

Each key is only listed once in the list. The order of the keys is undefined. 

Note that there is nogetAvailableCameraCharacteristicsKeys()-- use 
(|android.hardware.camera2.CameraCharacteristics|) instead. 



    Returns: List of keys supported by this CameraDevice for CaptureResults. 


