*android.preference.PreferenceGroup* *PreferenceGroup* A container for multipleP

public abstract class PreferenceGroup
  extends    |android.preference.Preference|
  implements |android.preference.GenericInflater.Parent|

|android.preference.PreferenceGroup_Description|
|android.preference.PreferenceGroup_Fields|
|android.preference.PreferenceGroup_Constructors|
|android.preference.PreferenceGroup_Methods|

================================================================================

*android.preference.PreferenceGroup_Constructors*
|android.preference.PreferenceGroup(Context,AttributeSet)|
|android.preference.PreferenceGroup(Context,AttributeSet,int)|

*android.preference.PreferenceGroup_Methods*
|android.preference.PreferenceGroup.addItemFromInflater(Preference)|Called by t
|android.preference.PreferenceGroup.addPreference(Preference)|Adds aPreferencea
|android.preference.PreferenceGroup.dispatchRestoreInstanceState(Bundle)|
|android.preference.PreferenceGroup.dispatchSaveInstanceState(Bundle)|
|android.preference.PreferenceGroup.findPreference(CharSequence)|Finds aPrefere
|android.preference.PreferenceGroup.getPreference(int)|Returns thePreferenceat 
|android.preference.PreferenceGroup.getPreferenceCount()|Returns the number of 
|android.preference.PreferenceGroup.isOnSameScreenAsChildren()|Whether this pre
|android.preference.PreferenceGroup.isOrderingAsAdded()|Whether this group is o
|android.preference.PreferenceGroup.notifyDependencyChange(boolean)|
|android.preference.PreferenceGroup.onAttachedToActivity()|
|android.preference.PreferenceGroup.onPrepareAddPreference(Preference)|Prepares
|android.preference.PreferenceGroup.onPrepareForRemoval()|
|android.preference.PreferenceGroup.removeAll()|Removes allPreference Preferenc
|android.preference.PreferenceGroup.removePreference(Preference)|Removes aPrefe
|android.preference.PreferenceGroup.setOrderingAsAdded(boolean)|Whether to orde

*android.preference.PreferenceGroup_Description*

A container for multiple (|android.preference.Preference|) objects. It is a 
base class for Preference objects that are parents, such as 
(|android.preference.PreferenceCategory|) and 
(|android.preference.PreferenceScreen|) . 

Developer Guides For information about building a settings UI with Preferences, 
read the <a href="guide/topics/ui/settings.html">Settings guide. 



*android.preference.PreferenceGroup(Context,AttributeSet)*

public PreferenceGroup(
  android.content.Context context,
  android.util.AttributeSet attrs)




*android.preference.PreferenceGroup(Context,AttributeSet,int)*

public PreferenceGroup(
  android.content.Context context,
  android.util.AttributeSet attrs,
  int defStyle)




*android.preference.PreferenceGroup.addItemFromInflater(Preference)*

public void addItemFromInflater(android.preference.Preference preference)

Called by the inflater to add an item to this group. 



*android.preference.PreferenceGroup.addPreference(Preference)*

public boolean addPreference(android.preference.Preference preference)

Adds a (|android.preference.Preference|) at the correct position based on the 
preference's order. 


    preference - The preference to add. 

    Returns: Whether the preference is now in this group. 

*android.preference.PreferenceGroup.dispatchRestoreInstanceState(Bundle)*

protected void dispatchRestoreInstanceState(android.os.Bundle container)





*android.preference.PreferenceGroup.dispatchSaveInstanceState(Bundle)*

protected void dispatchSaveInstanceState(android.os.Bundle container)





*android.preference.PreferenceGroup.findPreference(CharSequence)*

public |android.preference.Preference| findPreference(java.lang.CharSequence key)

Finds a (|android.preference.Preference|) based on its key. If two 
(|android.preference.Preference|) share the same key (not recommended), the 
first to appear will be returned (to retrieve the other preference with the 
same key, call this method on the first preference). If this preference has the 
key, it will not be returned. 

This will recursively search for the preference into children that are also 
PreferenceGroups(|android.preference.PreferenceGroup|) . 


    key - The key of the preference to retrieve. 

    Returns: The {@link Preference} with the key, or null. 

*android.preference.PreferenceGroup.getPreference(int)*

public |android.preference.Preference| getPreference(int index)

Returns the (|android.preference.Preference|) at a particular index. 


    index - The index of the {@link Preference} to retrieve. 

    Returns: The {@link Preference}. 

*android.preference.PreferenceGroup.getPreferenceCount()*

public int getPreferenceCount()

Returns the number of children (|android.preference.Preference|) s. 



    Returns: The number of preference children in this group. 

*android.preference.PreferenceGroup.isOnSameScreenAsChildren()*

protected boolean isOnSameScreenAsChildren()

Whether this preference group should be shown on the same screen as its 
contained preferences. 



    Returns: True if the contained preferences should be shown on the same screen as this 
             preference. 

*android.preference.PreferenceGroup.isOrderingAsAdded()*

public boolean isOrderingAsAdded()

Whether this group is ordering preferences in the order they are added. 



    Returns: Whether this group orders based on the order the children are added. 

*android.preference.PreferenceGroup.notifyDependencyChange(boolean)*

public void notifyDependencyChange(boolean disableDependents)





*android.preference.PreferenceGroup.onAttachedToActivity()*

protected void onAttachedToActivity()





*android.preference.PreferenceGroup.onPrepareAddPreference(Preference)*

protected boolean onPrepareAddPreference(android.preference.Preference preference)

Prepares a (|android.preference.Preference|) to be added to the group. 


    preference - The preference to add. 

    Returns: Whether to allow adding the preference (true), or not (false). 

*android.preference.PreferenceGroup.onPrepareForRemoval()*

protected void onPrepareForRemoval()





*android.preference.PreferenceGroup.removeAll()*

public void removeAll()

Removes all Preferences(|android.preference.Preference|) from this group. 



*android.preference.PreferenceGroup.removePreference(Preference)*

public boolean removePreference(android.preference.Preference preference)

Removes a (|android.preference.Preference|) from this group. 


    preference - The preference to remove. 

    Returns: Whether the preference was found and removed. 

*android.preference.PreferenceGroup.setOrderingAsAdded(boolean)*

public void setOrderingAsAdded(boolean orderingAsAdded)

Whether to order the (|android.preference.Preference|) children of this group 
as they are added. If this is false, the ordering will follow each Preference 
order and default to alphabetic for those without an order. 

If this is called after preferences are added, they will not be re-ordered in 
the order they were added, hence call this method early on. 


    orderingAsAdded - Whether to order according to the order added. 


