*android.view.ViewTreeObserver* *ViewTreeObserver* A view tree observer is used 

public final class ViewTreeObserver
  extends    |java.lang.Object|

|android.view.ViewTreeObserver_Description|
|android.view.ViewTreeObserver_Fields|
|android.view.ViewTreeObserver_Constructors|
|android.view.ViewTreeObserver_Methods|

================================================================================

*android.view.ViewTreeObserver_Methods*
|android.view.ViewTreeObserver.addOnComputeInternalInsetsListener(ViewTreeObserver.OnComputeInternalInsetsListener)|
|android.view.ViewTreeObserver.addOnDrawListener(ViewTreeObserver.OnDrawListener)|
|android.view.ViewTreeObserver.addOnGlobalFocusChangeListener(ViewTreeObserver.OnGlobalFocusChangeListener)|
|android.view.ViewTreeObserver.addOnGlobalLayoutListener(ViewTreeObserver.OnGlobalLayoutListener)|
|android.view.ViewTreeObserver.addOnPreDrawListener(ViewTreeObserver.OnPreDrawListener)|
|android.view.ViewTreeObserver.addOnScrollChangedListener(ViewTreeObserver.OnScrollChangedListener)|
|android.view.ViewTreeObserver.addOnTouchModeChangeListener(ViewTreeObserver.OnTouchModeChangeListener)|
|android.view.ViewTreeObserver.addOnWindowAttachListener(ViewTreeObserver.OnWindowAttachListener)|
|android.view.ViewTreeObserver.addOnWindowFocusChangeListener(ViewTreeObserver.OnWindowFocusChangeListener)|
|android.view.ViewTreeObserver.dispatchOnDraw()|Notifies registered listeners t
|android.view.ViewTreeObserver.dispatchOnGlobalLayout()|Notifies registered lis
|android.view.ViewTreeObserver.dispatchOnPreDraw()|Notifies registered listener
|android.view.ViewTreeObserver.isAlive()|Indicates whether this ViewTreeObserve
|android.view.ViewTreeObserver.removeGlobalOnLayoutListener(ViewTreeObserver.OnGlobalLayoutListener)|
|android.view.ViewTreeObserver.removeOnComputeInternalInsetsListener(ViewTreeObserver.OnComputeInternalInsetsListener)|
|android.view.ViewTreeObserver.removeOnDrawListener(ViewTreeObserver.OnDrawListener)|
|android.view.ViewTreeObserver.removeOnGlobalFocusChangeListener(ViewTreeObserver.OnGlobalFocusChangeListener)|
|android.view.ViewTreeObserver.removeOnGlobalLayoutListener(ViewTreeObserver.OnGlobalLayoutListener)|
|android.view.ViewTreeObserver.removeOnPreDrawListener(ViewTreeObserver.OnPreDrawListener)|
|android.view.ViewTreeObserver.removeOnScrollChangedListener(ViewTreeObserver.OnScrollChangedListener)|
|android.view.ViewTreeObserver.removeOnTouchModeChangeListener(ViewTreeObserver.OnTouchModeChangeListener)|
|android.view.ViewTreeObserver.removeOnWindowAttachListener(ViewTreeObserver.OnWindowAttachListener)|
|android.view.ViewTreeObserver.removeOnWindowFocusChangeListener(ViewTreeObserver.OnWindowFocusChangeListener)|

*android.view.ViewTreeObserver_Description*

A view tree observer is used to register listeners that can be notified of 
global changes in the view tree. Such global events include, but are not 
limited to, layout of the whole tree, beginning of the drawing pass, touch mode 
change.... 

A ViewTreeObserver should never be instantiated by applications as it is 
provided by the views hierarchy. Refer to (|android.view.View|) for more 
information. 



*android.view.ViewTreeObserver.addOnComputeInternalInsetsListener(ViewTreeObserver.OnComputeInternalInsetsListener)*

public void addOnComputeInternalInsetsListener(android.view.ViewTreeObserver.OnComputeInternalInsetsListener listener)

Register a callback to be invoked when the invoked when it is time to compute 
the window's internal insets. 


    listener - The callback to add 

*android.view.ViewTreeObserver.addOnDrawListener(ViewTreeObserver.OnDrawListener)*

public void addOnDrawListener(android.view.ViewTreeObserver.OnDrawListener listener)

Register a callback to be invoked when the view tree is about to be drawn. 
Note: this method cannot be invoked from 
(|android.view.ViewTreeObserver.OnDrawListener|) . 


    listener - The callback to add 

*android.view.ViewTreeObserver.addOnGlobalFocusChangeListener(ViewTreeObserver.OnGlobalFocusChangeListener)*

public void addOnGlobalFocusChangeListener(android.view.ViewTreeObserver.OnGlobalFocusChangeListener listener)

Register a callback to be invoked when the focus state within the view tree 
changes. 


    listener - The callback to add 

*android.view.ViewTreeObserver.addOnGlobalLayoutListener(ViewTreeObserver.OnGlobalLayoutListener)*

public void addOnGlobalLayoutListener(android.view.ViewTreeObserver.OnGlobalLayoutListener listener)

Register a callback to be invoked when the global layout state or the 
visibility of views within the view tree changes 


    listener - The callback to add 

*android.view.ViewTreeObserver.addOnPreDrawListener(ViewTreeObserver.OnPreDrawListener)*

public void addOnPreDrawListener(android.view.ViewTreeObserver.OnPreDrawListener listener)

Register a callback to be invoked when the view tree is about to be drawn 


    listener - The callback to add 

*android.view.ViewTreeObserver.addOnScrollChangedListener(ViewTreeObserver.OnScrollChangedListener)*

public void addOnScrollChangedListener(android.view.ViewTreeObserver.OnScrollChangedListener listener)

Register a callback to be invoked when a view has been scrolled. 


    listener - The callback to add 

*android.view.ViewTreeObserver.addOnTouchModeChangeListener(ViewTreeObserver.OnTouchModeChangeListener)*

public void addOnTouchModeChangeListener(android.view.ViewTreeObserver.OnTouchModeChangeListener listener)

Register a callback to be invoked when the invoked when the touch mode changes. 


    listener - The callback to add 

*android.view.ViewTreeObserver.addOnWindowAttachListener(ViewTreeObserver.OnWindowAttachListener)*

public void addOnWindowAttachListener(android.view.ViewTreeObserver.OnWindowAttachListener listener)

Register a callback to be invoked when the view hierarchy is attached to a 
window. 


    listener - The callback to add 

*android.view.ViewTreeObserver.addOnWindowFocusChangeListener(ViewTreeObserver.OnWindowFocusChangeListener)*

public void addOnWindowFocusChangeListener(android.view.ViewTreeObserver.OnWindowFocusChangeListener listener)

Register a callback to be invoked when the window focus state within the view 
tree changes. 


    listener - The callback to add 

*android.view.ViewTreeObserver.dispatchOnDraw()*

public final void dispatchOnDraw()

Notifies registered listeners that the drawing pass is about to start. 



*android.view.ViewTreeObserver.dispatchOnGlobalLayout()*

public final void dispatchOnGlobalLayout()

Notifies registered listeners that a global layout happened. This can be called 
manually if you are forcing a layout on a View or a hierarchy of Views that are 
not attached to a Window or in the GONE state. 



*android.view.ViewTreeObserver.dispatchOnPreDraw()*

public final boolean dispatchOnPreDraw()

Notifies registered listeners that the drawing pass is about to start. If a 
listener returns true, then the drawing pass is canceled and rescheduled. This 
can be called manually if you are forcing the drawing on a View or a hierarchy 
of Views that are not attached to a Window or in the GONE state. 



    Returns: True if the current draw should be canceled and resceduled, false otherwise. 

*android.view.ViewTreeObserver.isAlive()*

public boolean isAlive()

Indicates whether this ViewTreeObserver is alive. When an observer is not 
alive, any call to a method (except this one) will throw an exception. 

If an application keeps a long-lived reference to this ViewTreeObserver, it 
should always check for the result of this method before calling any other 
method. 



    Returns: True if this object is alive and be used, false otherwise. 

*android.view.ViewTreeObserver.removeGlobalOnLayoutListener(ViewTreeObserver.OnGlobalLayoutListener)*

public void removeGlobalOnLayoutListener(android.view.ViewTreeObserver.OnGlobalLayoutListener victim)

Remove a previously installed global layout callback 

    Deprecated: Use #removeOnGlobalLayoutListener instead

    victim - The callback to remove 

*android.view.ViewTreeObserver.removeOnComputeInternalInsetsListener(ViewTreeObserver.OnComputeInternalInsetsListener)*

public void removeOnComputeInternalInsetsListener(android.view.ViewTreeObserver.OnComputeInternalInsetsListener victim)

Remove a previously installed internal insets computation callback 


    victim - The callback to remove 

*android.view.ViewTreeObserver.removeOnDrawListener(ViewTreeObserver.OnDrawListener)*

public void removeOnDrawListener(android.view.ViewTreeObserver.OnDrawListener victim)

Remove a previously installed pre-draw callback. Note: this method cannot be 
invoked from (|android.view.ViewTreeObserver.OnDrawListener|) . 


    victim - The callback to remove 

*android.view.ViewTreeObserver.removeOnGlobalFocusChangeListener(ViewTreeObserver.OnGlobalFocusChangeListener)*

public void removeOnGlobalFocusChangeListener(android.view.ViewTreeObserver.OnGlobalFocusChangeListener victim)

Remove a previously installed focus change callback. 


    victim - The callback to remove 

*android.view.ViewTreeObserver.removeOnGlobalLayoutListener(ViewTreeObserver.OnGlobalLayoutListener)*

public void removeOnGlobalLayoutListener(android.view.ViewTreeObserver.OnGlobalLayoutListener victim)

Remove a previously installed global layout callback 


    victim - The callback to remove 

*android.view.ViewTreeObserver.removeOnPreDrawListener(ViewTreeObserver.OnPreDrawListener)*

public void removeOnPreDrawListener(android.view.ViewTreeObserver.OnPreDrawListener victim)

Remove a previously installed pre-draw callback 


    victim - The callback to remove 

*android.view.ViewTreeObserver.removeOnScrollChangedListener(ViewTreeObserver.OnScrollChangedListener)*

public void removeOnScrollChangedListener(android.view.ViewTreeObserver.OnScrollChangedListener victim)

Remove a previously installed scroll-changed callback 


    victim - The callback to remove 

*android.view.ViewTreeObserver.removeOnTouchModeChangeListener(ViewTreeObserver.OnTouchModeChangeListener)*

public void removeOnTouchModeChangeListener(android.view.ViewTreeObserver.OnTouchModeChangeListener victim)

Remove a previously installed touch mode change callback 


    victim - The callback to remove 

*android.view.ViewTreeObserver.removeOnWindowAttachListener(ViewTreeObserver.OnWindowAttachListener)*

public void removeOnWindowAttachListener(android.view.ViewTreeObserver.OnWindowAttachListener victim)

Remove a previously installed window attach callback. 


    victim - The callback to remove 

*android.view.ViewTreeObserver.removeOnWindowFocusChangeListener(ViewTreeObserver.OnWindowFocusChangeListener)*

public void removeOnWindowFocusChangeListener(android.view.ViewTreeObserver.OnWindowFocusChangeListener victim)

Remove a previously installed window focus change callback. 


    victim - The callback to remove 


