*android.content.RestrictionEntry* *RestrictionEntry* Applications can expose re

public class RestrictionEntry
  extends    |java.lang.Object|
  implements |android.os.Parcelable|

|android.content.RestrictionEntry_Description|
|android.content.RestrictionEntry_Fields|
|android.content.RestrictionEntry_Constructors|
|android.content.RestrictionEntry_Methods|

================================================================================

*android.content.RestrictionEntry_Fields*
|android.os.Parcelable.Creator<android.content.RestrictionEntry>_android.content.RestrictionEntry.CREATOR|
|int_android.content.RestrictionEntry.TYPE_BOOLEAN|
|int_android.content.RestrictionEntry.TYPE_CHOICE|
|int_android.content.RestrictionEntry.TYPE_CHOICE_LEVEL|
|int_android.content.RestrictionEntry.TYPE_MULTI_SELECT|
|int_android.content.RestrictionEntry.TYPE_NULL|

*android.content.RestrictionEntry_Constructors*
|android.content.RestrictionEntry(Parcel)|
|android.content.RestrictionEntry(String,boolean)|Constructor for#TYPE_BOOLEANt
|android.content.RestrictionEntry(String,String)|Constructor for#TYPE_CHOICEtyp
|android.content.RestrictionEntry(String,String[])|Constructor for#TYPE_MULTI_S

*android.content.RestrictionEntry_Methods*
|android.content.RestrictionEntry.describeContents()|
|android.content.RestrictionEntry.equals(Object)|
|android.content.RestrictionEntry.getAllSelectedStrings()|Returns the list of c
|android.content.RestrictionEntry.getChoiceEntries()|Returns the list of string
|android.content.RestrictionEntry.getChoiceValues()|Returns the list of possibl
|android.content.RestrictionEntry.getDescription()|Returns the provided user-vi
|android.content.RestrictionEntry.getKey()|This is the unique key for the restr
|android.content.RestrictionEntry.getSelectedState()|Returns the current select
|android.content.RestrictionEntry.getSelectedString()|Returns the currently sel
|android.content.RestrictionEntry.getTitle()|Returns the user-visible title for
|android.content.RestrictionEntry.getType()|Returns the type for this restricti
|android.content.RestrictionEntry.hashCode()|
|android.content.RestrictionEntry.setAllSelectedStrings(String[])|Sets the curr
|android.content.RestrictionEntry.setChoiceEntries(Context,int)|Sets a list of 
|android.content.RestrictionEntry.setChoiceEntries(String[])|Sets a list of str
|android.content.RestrictionEntry.setChoiceValues(Context,int)|Sets a list of s
|android.content.RestrictionEntry.setChoiceValues(String[])|Sets a list of stri
|android.content.RestrictionEntry.setDescription(String)|Sets the user-visible 
|android.content.RestrictionEntry.setSelectedState(boolean)|Sets the current se
|android.content.RestrictionEntry.setSelectedString(String)|Sets the string val
|android.content.RestrictionEntry.setTitle(String)|Sets the user-visible title 
|android.content.RestrictionEntry.setType(int)|Sets the type for this restricti
|android.content.RestrictionEntry.toString()|
|android.content.RestrictionEntry.writeToParcel(Parcel,int)|

*android.content.RestrictionEntry_Description*

Applications can expose restrictions for a restricted user on a multiuser 
device. The administrator can configure these restrictions that will then be 
applied to the restricted user. Each RestrictionsEntry is one configurable 
restriction. 

Any application that chooses to expose such restrictions does so by 
implementing a receiver that handles the (|android.content.Intent|) action. The 
receiver then returns a result bundle that contains an entry called 
"restrictions", whose value is an ArrayList. 



*android.os.Parcelable.Creator<android.content.RestrictionEntry>_android.content.RestrictionEntry.CREATOR*




*int_android.content.RestrictionEntry.TYPE_BOOLEAN*

A type of restriction. Use this for storing a boolean value, typically 
presented as a checkbox in the UI. 


*int_android.content.RestrictionEntry.TYPE_CHOICE*

A type of restriction. Use this for storing a string value, typically presented 
as a single-select list. Call (|android.content.RestrictionEntry|) and 
(|android.content.RestrictionEntry|) to set the localized list entries to 
present to the user and the corresponding values, respectively. 


*int_android.content.RestrictionEntry.TYPE_CHOICE_LEVEL*

A type of restriction. Use this for storing a string value, typically presented 
as a single-select list. Call (|android.content.RestrictionEntry|) and 
(|android.content.RestrictionEntry|) to set the localized list entries to 
present to the user and the corresponding values, respectively. The 
presentation could imply that values in lower array indices are included when a 
particular value is chosen. 


*int_android.content.RestrictionEntry.TYPE_MULTI_SELECT*

A type of restriction. Use this for presenting a multi-select list where more 
than one entry can be selected, such as for choosing specific titles to 
white-list. Call (|android.content.RestrictionEntry|) and 
(|android.content.RestrictionEntry|) to set the localized list entries to 
present to the user and the corresponding values, respectively. Use 
(|android.content.RestrictionEntry|) and (|android.content.RestrictionEntry|) 
to manipulate the selections. 


*int_android.content.RestrictionEntry.TYPE_NULL*

A type of restriction. Use this type for information that needs to be 
transferred across but shouldn't be presented to the user in the UI. Stores a 
single String value. 



*android.content.RestrictionEntry(Parcel)*

public RestrictionEntry(android.os.Parcel in)




*android.content.RestrictionEntry(String,boolean)*

public RestrictionEntry(
  java.lang.String key,
  boolean selectedState)

Constructor for (|android.content.RestrictionEntry|) type. 

    key - the unique key for this restriction 
    selectedState - whether this restriction is selected or not 

*android.content.RestrictionEntry(String,String)*

public RestrictionEntry(
  java.lang.String key,
  java.lang.String selectedString)

Constructor for (|android.content.RestrictionEntry|) type. 

    key - the unique key for this restriction 
    selectedString - the current value 

*android.content.RestrictionEntry(String,String[])*

public RestrictionEntry(
  java.lang.String key,
  java.lang.String[] selectedStrings)

Constructor for (|android.content.RestrictionEntry|) type. 

    key - the unique key for this restriction 
    selectedStrings - the list of values that are currently selected 

*android.content.RestrictionEntry.describeContents()*

public int describeContents()





*android.content.RestrictionEntry.equals(Object)*

public boolean equals(java.lang.Object o)





*android.content.RestrictionEntry.getAllSelectedStrings()*

public |java.lang.String|[] getAllSelectedStrings()

Returns the list of currently selected values. 



    Returns: the list of current selections, if type is {@link #TYPE_MULTI_SELECT}, null 
             otherwise. 

*android.content.RestrictionEntry.getChoiceEntries()*

public |java.lang.String|[] getChoiceEntries()

Returns the list of strings, set earlier, that will be presented as choices to 
the user. 



    Returns: the list of choices presented to the user. 

*android.content.RestrictionEntry.getChoiceValues()*

public |java.lang.String|[] getChoiceValues()

Returns the list of possible string values set earlier. 



    Returns: the list of possible values. 

*android.content.RestrictionEntry.getDescription()*

public |java.lang.String| getDescription()

Returns the provided user-visible description of the entry, if any. 



    Returns: the user-visible description, null if none was set earlier. 

*android.content.RestrictionEntry.getKey()*

public |java.lang.String| getKey()

This is the unique key for the restriction entry. 



    Returns: the key for the restriction. 

*android.content.RestrictionEntry.getSelectedState()*

public boolean getSelectedState()

Returns the current selected state for an entry of type 
(|android.content.RestrictionEntry|) . 



    Returns: the current selected state of the entry. 

*android.content.RestrictionEntry.getSelectedString()*

public |java.lang.String| getSelectedString()

Returns the currently selected string value. 



    Returns: the currently selected value, which can be null for types that aren't for 
             holding single string values. 

*android.content.RestrictionEntry.getTitle()*

public |java.lang.String| getTitle()

Returns the user-visible title for the entry, if any. 



    Returns: the user-visible title for the entry, null if none was set earlier. 

*android.content.RestrictionEntry.getType()*

public int getType()

Returns the type for this restriction. 



    Returns: the type for this restriction 

*android.content.RestrictionEntry.hashCode()*

public int hashCode()





*android.content.RestrictionEntry.setAllSelectedStrings(String[])*

public void setAllSelectedStrings(java.lang.String[] allSelectedStrings)

Sets the current list of selected values for an entry of type 
(|android.content.RestrictionEntry|) . These values will be persisted by the 
system for later use by the application. 


    allSelectedStrings - the current list of selected values. 

*android.content.RestrictionEntry.setChoiceEntries(Context,int)*

public void setChoiceEntries(
  android.content.Context context,
  int stringArrayResId)

Sets a list of strings that will be presented as choices to the user. This is 
similar to (|android.content.RestrictionEntry|) . 


    context - the application context, used for retrieving the resources. 
    stringArrayResId - the resource id of a string array containing the possible entries. 

*android.content.RestrictionEntry.setChoiceEntries(String[])*

public void setChoiceEntries(java.lang.String[] choiceEntries)

Sets a list of strings that will be presented as choices to the user. When the 
user selects one or more of these choices, the corresponding value from the 
possible values are stored as the selected strings. The size of this array must 
match the size of the array set in (|android.content.RestrictionEntry|) . This 
method is not relevant for types other than 
(|android.content.RestrictionEntry|) , and (|android.content.RestrictionEntry|) 
. 


    choiceEntries - the list of user-visible choices. 

*android.content.RestrictionEntry.setChoiceValues(Context,int)*

public void setChoiceValues(
  android.content.Context context,
  int stringArrayResId)

Sets a list of string values that can be selected by the user, similar to 
(|android.content.RestrictionEntry|) . 


    context - the application context for retrieving the resources. 
    stringArrayResId - the resource id for a string array containing the possible values. 

*android.content.RestrictionEntry.setChoiceValues(String[])*

public void setChoiceValues(java.lang.String[] choiceValues)

Sets a list of string values that can be selected by the user. If no 
user-visible entries are set by a call to (|android.content.RestrictionEntry|) 
, these values will be the ones shown to the user. Values will be chosen from 
this list as the user's selection and the selected values can be retrieved by a 
call to (|android.content.RestrictionEntry|) , or 
(|android.content.RestrictionEntry|) , depending on whether it is a 
multi-select type or choice type. This method is not relevant for types other 
than (|android.content.RestrictionEntry|) , and 
(|android.content.RestrictionEntry|) . 


    choiceValues - an array of Strings which will be the selected values for the user's 
       selections. 

*android.content.RestrictionEntry.setDescription(String)*

public void setDescription(java.lang.String description)

Sets the user-visible description of the entry, as a possible sub-text for the 
title. You can use this to describe the entry in more detail or to display the 
current state of the restriction. 


    description - the user-visible description string. 

*android.content.RestrictionEntry.setSelectedState(boolean)*

public void setSelectedState(boolean state)

Sets the current selected state for an entry of type 
(|android.content.RestrictionEntry|) . This value will be persisted by the 
system for later use by the application. 


    state - the current selected state 

*android.content.RestrictionEntry.setSelectedString(String)*

public void setSelectedString(java.lang.String selectedString)

Sets the string value to use as the selected value for this restriction. This 
value will be persisted by the system for later use by the application. 


    selectedString - the string value to select. 

*android.content.RestrictionEntry.setTitle(String)*

public void setTitle(java.lang.String title)

Sets the user-visible title for the entry. 


    title - the user-visible title for the entry. 

*android.content.RestrictionEntry.setType(int)*

public void setType(int type)

Sets the type for this restriction. 


    type - the type for this restriction. 

*android.content.RestrictionEntry.toString()*

public |java.lang.String| toString()





*android.content.RestrictionEntry.writeToParcel(Parcel,int)*

public void writeToParcel(
  android.os.Parcel dest,
  int flags)






