*android.speech.RecognizerResultsIntent* *RecognizerResultsIntent* Constants for

public class RecognizerResultsIntent
  extends    |java.lang.Object|

|android.speech.RecognizerResultsIntent_Description|
|android.speech.RecognizerResultsIntent_Fields|
|android.speech.RecognizerResultsIntent_Constructors|
|android.speech.RecognizerResultsIntent_Methods|

================================================================================

*android.speech.RecognizerResultsIntent_Fields*
|java.lang.String_android.speech.RecognizerResultsIntent.ACTION_VOICE_SEARCH_RESULTS|
|java.lang.String_android.speech.RecognizerResultsIntent.EXTRA_VOICE_SEARCH_RESULT_HTML|
|java.lang.String_android.speech.RecognizerResultsIntent.EXTRA_VOICE_SEARCH_RESULT_HTML_BASE_URLS|
|java.lang.String_android.speech.RecognizerResultsIntent.EXTRA_VOICE_SEARCH_RESULT_HTTP_HEADERS|
|java.lang.String_android.speech.RecognizerResultsIntent.EXTRA_VOICE_SEARCH_RESULT_STRINGS|
|java.lang.String_android.speech.RecognizerResultsIntent.EXTRA_VOICE_SEARCH_RESULT_URLS|
|java.lang.String_android.speech.RecognizerResultsIntent.URI_SCHEME_INLINE|

*android.speech.RecognizerResultsIntent_Description*

Constants for intents related to showing speech recognition results. 

These constants should not be needed for normal utilization of speech 
recognition. They would only be called if you wanted to trigger a view of voice 
search results in your application, or implemented if you wanted to offer a 
different view for voice search results with your application. 

The standard behavior here for someone receiving an 
(|android.speech.RecognizerResultsIntent|) is to first retrieve the list of 
(|android.speech.RecognizerResultsIntent|) , and use any provided HTML for that 
result in (|android.speech.RecognizerResultsIntent|) , if available, to display 
the search results. If that is not available, then the corresponding url for 
that result in (|android.speech.RecognizerResultsIntent|) should be used. And 
if even that is not available, then a search url should be constructed from the 
actual recognition result string. 



*java.lang.String_android.speech.RecognizerResultsIntent.ACTION_VOICE_SEARCH_RESULTS*

Intent that can be sent by implementations of voice search to display the 
results of a search in, for example, a web browser. 

This intent should always be accompanied by at least 
(|android.speech.RecognizerResultsIntent|) , and optionally but recommended, 
(|android.speech.RecognizerResultsIntent|) , and sometimes 
(|android.speech.RecognizerResultsIntent|) and 
(|android.speech.RecognizerResultsIntent|) . 

These are parallel arrays, where a recognition result string at index N of 
(|android.speech.RecognizerResultsIntent|) should be accompanied by a url to 
use for searching based on that string at index N of 
(|android.speech.RecognizerResultsIntent|) , and, possibly, the full html to 
display for that result at index N of 
(|android.speech.RecognizerResultsIntent|) . If full html is provided, a base 
url (or list of base urls) should be provided with 
(|android.speech.RecognizerResultsIntent|) . 


*java.lang.String_android.speech.RecognizerResultsIntent.EXTRA_VOICE_SEARCH_RESULT_HTML*

The key to an extra (|java.util.ArrayList|) of (|java.lang.String|) s that 
contains the html content to use, if available, for the recognition alternates 
provided in (|android.speech.RecognizerResultsIntent|) . This list should 
always be the same size as the one provided in 
(|android.speech.RecognizerResultsIntent|) - if a result cannot provide html, 
that entry in this list should be null, and the implementor of 
(|android.speech.RecognizerResultsIntent|) should back off to the corresponding 
url provided in (|android.speech.RecognizerResultsIntent|) , if available, or 
else should execute a search of its own choosing, based on the recognition 
result string. 

Currently this html content should be expected in the form of a uri with scheme 
(|android.speech.RecognizerResultsIntent|) for the Browser. In the future this 
may change to a "content://" uri or some other identifier. Anyone who reads 
this extra should confirm that a result is in fact an "inline:" uri and back 
off to the urls or strings gracefully if it is not, thus maintaining future 
backwards compatibility if this changes. 


*java.lang.String_android.speech.RecognizerResultsIntent.EXTRA_VOICE_SEARCH_RESULT_HTML_BASE_URLS*

The key to an extra (|java.util.ArrayList|) of (|java.lang.String|) s that 
contains the base url to assume when interpreting html provided in 
(|android.speech.RecognizerResultsIntent|) . 

A list of size 1 may be provided to apply the same base url to all html 
results. A list of the same size as (|android.speech.RecognizerResultsIntent|) 
may be provided to apply different base urls to each different html result in 
the (|android.speech.RecognizerResultsIntent|) list. 


*java.lang.String_android.speech.RecognizerResultsIntent.EXTRA_VOICE_SEARCH_RESULT_HTTP_HEADERS*

The key to an extra (|java.util.ArrayList|) of (|android.os.Bundle|) s that 
contains key/value pairs. All the values and the keys are (|java.lang.String|) 
s. Each key/value pair represents an extra HTTP header. The keys can't be the 
standard HTTP headers as they are set by the WebView. 

A list of size 1 may be provided to apply the same HTTP headers to all web 
results. A list of the same size as (|android.speech.RecognizerResultsIntent|) 
may be provided to apply different HTTP headers to each different web result in 
the list. These headers will only be used in the case that the url for a 
particular web result (from (|android.speech.RecognizerResultsIntent|) ) is 
loaded. 


*java.lang.String_android.speech.RecognizerResultsIntent.EXTRA_VOICE_SEARCH_RESULT_STRINGS*

The key to an extra (|java.util.ArrayList|) of (|java.lang.String|) s that 
contains the list of recognition alternates from voice search, in order from 
highest to lowest confidence. 


*java.lang.String_android.speech.RecognizerResultsIntent.EXTRA_VOICE_SEARCH_RESULT_URLS*

The key to an extra (|java.util.ArrayList|) of (|java.lang.String|) s that 
contains the search urls to use, if available, for the recognition alternates 
provided in (|android.speech.RecognizerResultsIntent|) . This list should 
always be the same size as the one provided in 
(|android.speech.RecognizerResultsIntent|) - if a result cannot provide a 
search url, that entry in this ArrayList should be null, and the implementor of 
(|android.speech.RecognizerResultsIntent|) should execute a search of its own 
choosing, based on the recognition result string. 


*java.lang.String_android.speech.RecognizerResultsIntent.URI_SCHEME_INLINE*

The scheme used currently for html content in 
(|android.speech.RecognizerResultsIntent|) . Note that this should only be used 
in tandem with this particular extra; it should NOT be used for generic URIs 
such as those found in the data field of an Intent. 



