*android.provider.CalendarContract.Instances* *CalendarContract.Instances* Field

public static final class CalendarContract.Instances
  extends    |java.lang.Object|
  implements |android.provider.BaseColumns|
             |android.provider.CalendarContract.EventsColumns|
             |android.provider.CalendarContract.CalendarColumns|

|android.provider.CalendarContract.Instances_Description|
|android.provider.CalendarContract.Instances_Fields|
|android.provider.CalendarContract.Instances_Constructors|
|android.provider.CalendarContract.Instances_Methods|

================================================================================

*android.provider.CalendarContract.Instances_Fields*
|java.lang.String_android.provider.CalendarContract.Instances.BEGIN|
|android.net.Uri_android.provider.CalendarContract.Instances.CONTENT_BY_DAY_URI|
|android.net.Uri_android.provider.CalendarContract.Instances.CONTENT_SEARCH_BY_DAY_URI|
|android.net.Uri_android.provider.CalendarContract.Instances.CONTENT_SEARCH_URI|
|android.net.Uri_android.provider.CalendarContract.Instances.CONTENT_URI|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.CalendarContract.Instances.END|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.CalendarContract.Instances.END_DAY|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.CalendarContract.Instances.END_MINUTE|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.CalendarContract.Instances.EVENT_ID|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.CalendarContract.Instances.START_DAY|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.CalendarContract.Instances.START_MINUTE|

*android.provider.CalendarContract.Instances_Methods*
|android.provider.CalendarContract.Instances.query(ContentResolver,String[],long,long)|
|android.provider.CalendarContract.Instances.query(ContentResolver,String[],long,long,String)|

*android.provider.CalendarContract.Instances_Description*

Fields and helpers for interacting with Instances. An instance is a single 
occurrence of an event including time zone specific start and end days and 
minutes. The instances table is not writable and only provides a way to query 
event occurrences. 



*java.lang.String_android.provider.CalendarContract.Instances.BEGIN*

The beginning time of the instance, in UTC milliseconds. Column name. Type: 
INTEGER (long; millis since epoch) 


*android.net.Uri_android.provider.CalendarContract.Instances.CONTENT_BY_DAY_URI*

The content:// style URL for querying an instance range by Julian Day. The 
start and end day should be added as path segments if this is used directly. 


*android.net.Uri_android.provider.CalendarContract.Instances.CONTENT_SEARCH_BY_DAY_URI*

The content:// style URL for querying an instance range with a search term. The 
start day, end day, and search string should be appended as path segments if 
this is used directly. 


*android.net.Uri_android.provider.CalendarContract.Instances.CONTENT_SEARCH_URI*

The content:// style URL for querying an instance range with a search term. The 
begin, end, and search string should be appended as path segments if this is 
used directly. 


*android.net.Uri_android.provider.CalendarContract.Instances.CONTENT_URI*

The content:// style URL for querying an instance range. The begin and end of 
the range to query should be added as path segments if this is used directly. 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.CalendarContract.Instances.END*

The ending time of the instance, in UTC milliseconds. Column name. Type: 
INTEGER (long; millis since epoch) 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.CalendarContract.Instances.END_DAY*

The Julian end day of the instance, relative to the local time zone. Column 
name. Type: INTEGER (int) 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.CalendarContract.Instances.END_MINUTE*

The end minute of the instance measured from midnight in the local time zone. 
Column name. Type: INTEGER (int) 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.CalendarContract.Instances.EVENT_ID*

The _id of the event for this instance. Column name. Type: INTEGER (long, 
foreign key to the Events table) 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.CalendarContract.Instances.START_DAY*

The Julian start day of the instance, relative to the local time zone. Column 
name. Type: INTEGER (int) 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.CalendarContract.Instances.START_MINUTE*

The start minute of the instance measured from midnight in the local time zone. 
Column name. Type: INTEGER (int) 



*android.provider.CalendarContract.Instances.query(ContentResolver,String[],long,long)*

public static final |android.database.Cursor| query(
  android.content.ContentResolver cr,
  java.lang.String[] projection,
  long begin,
  long end)

Performs a query to return all visible instances in the given range. This is a 
blocking function and should not be done on the UI thread. This will cause an 
expansion of recurring events to fill this time range if they are not already 
expanded and will slow down for larger time ranges with many recurring events. 


    cr - The ContentResolver to use for the query 
    projection - The columns to return 
    begin - The start of the time range to query in UTC millis since epoch 
    end - The end of the time range to query in UTC millis since epoch 

    Returns: A Cursor containing all instances in the given range 

*android.provider.CalendarContract.Instances.query(ContentResolver,String[],long,long,String)*

public static final |android.database.Cursor| query(
  android.content.ContentResolver cr,
  java.lang.String[] projection,
  long begin,
  long end,
  java.lang.String searchQuery)

Performs a query to return all visible instances in the given range that match 
the given query. This is a blocking function and should not be done on the UI 
thread. This will cause an expansion of recurring events to fill this time 
range if they are not already expanded and will slow down for larger time 
ranges with many recurring events. 


    cr - The ContentResolver to use for the query 
    projection - The columns to return 
    begin - The start of the time range to query in UTC millis since epoch 
    end - The end of the time range to query in UTC millis since epoch 
    searchQuery - A string of space separated search terms. Segments enclosed by double quotes 
       will be treated as a single term. 

    Returns: A Cursor of instances matching the search terms in the given time range 


