*android.provider.VoicemailContract.Status* *VoicemailContract.Status* Defines f

public static final class VoicemailContract.Status
  extends    |java.lang.Object|
  implements |android.provider.BaseColumns|

|android.provider.VoicemailContract.Status_Description|
|android.provider.VoicemailContract.Status_Fields|
|android.provider.VoicemailContract.Status_Constructors|
|android.provider.VoicemailContract.Status_Methods|

================================================================================

*android.provider.VoicemailContract.Status_Fields*
|java.lang.String_android.provider.VoicemailContract.Status.CONFIGURATION_STATE|
|int_android.provider.VoicemailContract.Status.CONFIGURATION_STATE_CAN_BE_CONFIGURED|
|int_android.provider.VoicemailContract.Status.CONFIGURATION_STATE_NOT_CONFIGURED|
|int_android.provider.VoicemailContract.Status.CONFIGURATION_STATE_OK|
|android.net.Uri_android.provider.VoicemailContract.Status.CONTENT_URI|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.VoicemailContract.Status.DATA_CHANNEL_STATE|
|int_android.provider.VoicemailContract.Status.DATA_CHANNEL_STATE_NO_CONNECTION|
|int_android.provider.VoicemailContract.Status.DATA_CHANNEL_STATE_OK|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.VoicemailContract.Status.DIR_TYPE|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.VoicemailContract.Status.ITEM_TYPE|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.VoicemailContract.Status.NOTIFICATION_CHANNEL_STATE|
|int_android.provider.VoicemailContract.Status.NOTIFICATION_CHANNEL_STATE_MESSAGE_WAITING|
|int_android.provider.VoicemailContract.Status.NOTIFICATION_CHANNEL_STATE_NO_CONNECTION|
|int_android.provider.VoicemailContract.Status.NOTIFICATION_CHANNEL_STATE_OK|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.VoicemailContract.Status.SETTINGS_URI|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.VoicemailContract.Status.SOURCE_PACKAGE|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.VoicemailContract.Status.VOICEMAIL_ACCESS_URI|

*android.provider.VoicemailContract.Status_Methods*
|android.provider.VoicemailContract.Status.buildSourceUri(String)|A convenience

*android.provider.VoicemailContract.Status_Description*

Defines fields exposed through the /status path of this content provider. 



*java.lang.String_android.provider.VoicemailContract.Status.CONFIGURATION_STATE*

The configuration state of the voicemail source. Possible values: 
(|android.provider.VoicemailContract.Status|) , 
(|android.provider.VoicemailContract.Status|) , 
(|android.provider.VoicemailContract.Status|) Type: INTEGER 


*int_android.provider.VoicemailContract.Status.CONFIGURATION_STATE_CAN_BE_CONFIGURED*

Value of (|android.provider.VoicemailContract.Status|) to indicate the visual 
voicemail is not yet configured on this device but can be configured by the 
user. This state must be used when the source has verified that the current 
user can be upgraded to visual voicemail and would like to show a set up 
invitation message. 


*int_android.provider.VoicemailContract.Status.CONFIGURATION_STATE_NOT_CONFIGURED*

Value of (|android.provider.VoicemailContract.Status|) to indicate the visual 
voicemail is not yet configured on this device. 


*int_android.provider.VoicemailContract.Status.CONFIGURATION_STATE_OK*

Value of (|android.provider.VoicemailContract.Status|) to indicate an all OK 
configuration status. 


*android.net.Uri_android.provider.VoicemailContract.Status.CONTENT_URI*

URI to insert/retrieve status of voicemail source. 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.VoicemailContract.Status.DATA_CHANNEL_STATE*

The data channel state of the voicemail source. This the channel through which 
the source pulls voicemail data from a remote server. Possible values: 
(|android.provider.VoicemailContract.Status|) , 
(|android.provider.VoicemailContract.Status|) Type: INTEGER 


*int_android.provider.VoicemailContract.Status.DATA_CHANNEL_STATE_NO_CONNECTION*

Value of (|android.provider.VoicemailContract.Status|) to indicate that data 
channel connection is not working. 


*int_android.provider.VoicemailContract.Status.DATA_CHANNEL_STATE_OK*

Value of (|android.provider.VoicemailContract.Status|) to indicate that data 
channel is working fine. 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.VoicemailContract.Status.DIR_TYPE*

The MIME type for a collection of voicemail source statuses. 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.VoicemailContract.Status.ITEM_TYPE*

The MIME type for a single voicemail source status entry. 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.VoicemailContract.Status.NOTIFICATION_CHANNEL_STATE*

The notification channel state of the voicemail source. This is the channel 
through which the source gets notified of new voicemails on the remote server. 
Possible values: (|android.provider.VoicemailContract.Status|) , 
(|android.provider.VoicemailContract.Status|) , 
(|android.provider.VoicemailContract.Status|) Type: INTEGER 


*int_android.provider.VoicemailContract.Status.NOTIFICATION_CHANNEL_STATE_MESSAGE_WAITING*

Value of (|android.provider.VoicemailContract.Status|) to indicate that there 
are messages waiting on the server but the details are not known. Use this 
state when the notification can only tell that there are pending messages on 
the server but no details of the sender/time etc are known. 


*int_android.provider.VoicemailContract.Status.NOTIFICATION_CHANNEL_STATE_NO_CONNECTION*

Value of (|android.provider.VoicemailContract.Status|) to indicate that the 
notification channel connection is not working. 


*int_android.provider.VoicemailContract.Status.NOTIFICATION_CHANNEL_STATE_OK*

Value of (|android.provider.VoicemailContract.Status|) to indicate that the 
notification channel is working fine. 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.VoicemailContract.Status.SETTINGS_URI*

The URI to call to invoke source specific voicemail settings screen. On a user 
request to setup voicemail an intent with action VIEW with this URI will be 
fired by the system. Type: TEXT 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.VoicemailContract.Status.SOURCE_PACKAGE*

The package name of the voicemail source. There can only be a one entry per 
source. Type: TEXT 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.VoicemailContract.Status.VOICEMAIL_ACCESS_URI*

The URI to call when the user requests to directly access the voicemail from 
the remote server. In case of an IVR voicemail system this is typically set to 
the the voicemail number specified using a tel:/ URI. Type: TEXT 



*android.provider.VoicemailContract.Status.buildSourceUri(String)*

public static |android.net.Uri| buildSourceUri(java.lang.String packageName)

A convenience method to build status URI specific to a source package by 
appending (|android.provider.VoicemailContract|) param to the base URI. 




