*android.widget.DatePicker* *DatePicker* This class is a widget for selecting a 

public class DatePicker
  extends    |android.widget.FrameLayout|

|android.widget.DatePicker_Description|
|android.widget.DatePicker_Fields|
|android.widget.DatePicker_Constructors|
|android.widget.DatePicker_Methods|

================================================================================

*android.widget.DatePicker_Constructors*
|android.widget.DatePicker(Context)|
|android.widget.DatePicker(Context,AttributeSet)|
|android.widget.DatePicker(Context,AttributeSet,int)|

*android.widget.DatePicker_Methods*
|android.widget.DatePicker.dispatchPopulateAccessibilityEvent(AccessibilityEvent)|
|android.widget.DatePicker.dispatchRestoreInstanceState(SparseArray<Parcelable>)|
|android.widget.DatePicker.getCalendarView()|Gets theCalendarView.
|android.widget.DatePicker.getCalendarViewShown()|Gets whether theCalendarViewi
|android.widget.DatePicker.getDayOfMonth()|
|android.widget.DatePicker.getMaxDate()|Gets the maximal date supported by this
|android.widget.DatePicker.getMinDate()|Gets the minimal date supported by this
|android.widget.DatePicker.getMonth()|
|android.widget.DatePicker.getSpinnersShown()|Gets whether the spinners are sho
|android.widget.DatePicker.getYear()|
|android.widget.DatePicker.init(int,int,int,DatePicker.OnDateChangedListener)|I
|android.widget.DatePicker.isEnabled()|
|android.widget.DatePicker.onConfigurationChanged(Configuration)|
|android.widget.DatePicker.onInitializeAccessibilityEvent(AccessibilityEvent)|
|android.widget.DatePicker.onInitializeAccessibilityNodeInfo(AccessibilityNodeInfo)|
|android.widget.DatePicker.onPopulateAccessibilityEvent(AccessibilityEvent)|
|android.widget.DatePicker.onRestoreInstanceState(Parcelable)|
|android.widget.DatePicker.onSaveInstanceState()|
|android.widget.DatePicker.setCalendarViewShown(boolean)|Sets whether theCalend
|android.widget.DatePicker.setEnabled(boolean)|
|android.widget.DatePicker.setMaxDate(long)|Sets the maximal date supported by 
|android.widget.DatePicker.setMinDate(long)|Sets the minimal date supported by 
|android.widget.DatePicker.setSpinnersShown(boolean)|Sets whether the spinners 
|android.widget.DatePicker.updateDate(int,int,int)|Updates the current date.

*android.widget.DatePicker_Description*

This class is a widget for selecting a date. The date can be selected by a 
year, month, and day spinners or a (|android.widget.CalendarView|) . The set of 
spinners and the calendar view are automatically synchronized. The client can 
customize whether only the spinners, or only the calendar view, or both to be 
displayed. Also the minimal and maximal date from which dates to be selected 
can be customized. 

See the <a href="guide/topics/ui/controls/pickers.html">Pickers guide. 

For a dialog using this view, see (|android.app.DatePickerDialog|) . 



*android.widget.DatePicker(Context)*

public DatePicker(android.content.Context context)




*android.widget.DatePicker(Context,AttributeSet)*

public DatePicker(
  android.content.Context context,
  android.util.AttributeSet attrs)




*android.widget.DatePicker(Context,AttributeSet,int)*

public DatePicker(
  android.content.Context context,
  android.util.AttributeSet attrs,
  int defStyle)




*android.widget.DatePicker.dispatchPopulateAccessibilityEvent(AccessibilityEvent)*

public boolean dispatchPopulateAccessibilityEvent(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent event)





*android.widget.DatePicker.dispatchRestoreInstanceState(SparseArray<Parcelable>)*

protected void dispatchRestoreInstanceState(android.util.SparseArray<android.os.Parcelable> container)





*android.widget.DatePicker.getCalendarView()*

public |android.widget.CalendarView| getCalendarView()

Gets the (|android.widget.CalendarView|) . 



    Returns: The calendar view. 

*android.widget.DatePicker.getCalendarViewShown()*

public boolean getCalendarViewShown()

Gets whether the (|android.widget.CalendarView|) is shown. 



    Returns: True if the calendar view is shown. 

*android.widget.DatePicker.getDayOfMonth()*

public int getDayOfMonth()





    Returns: The selected day of month. 

*android.widget.DatePicker.getMaxDate()*

public long getMaxDate()

Gets the maximal date supported by this (|android.widget.DatePicker|) in 
milliseconds since January 1, 1970 00:00:00 in (|java.util.TimeZone|) time 
zone. 

Note: The default maximal date is 12/31/2100. 



    Returns: The maximal supported date. 

*android.widget.DatePicker.getMinDate()*

public long getMinDate()

Gets the minimal date supported by this (|android.widget.DatePicker|) in 
milliseconds since January 1, 1970 00:00:00 in (|java.util.TimeZone|) time 
zone. 

Note: The default minimal date is 01/01/1900. 



    Returns: The minimal supported date. 

*android.widget.DatePicker.getMonth()*

public int getMonth()





    Returns: The selected month. 

*android.widget.DatePicker.getSpinnersShown()*

public boolean getSpinnersShown()

Gets whether the spinners are shown. 



    Returns: True if the spinners are shown. 

*android.widget.DatePicker.getYear()*

public int getYear()





    Returns: The selected year. 

*android.widget.DatePicker.init(int,int,int,DatePicker.OnDateChangedListener)*

public void init(
  int year,
  int monthOfYear,
  int dayOfMonth,
  android.widget.DatePicker.OnDateChangedListener onDateChangedListener)

Initialize the state. If the provided values designate an inconsistent date the 
values are normalized before updating the spinners. 


    year - The initial year. 
    monthOfYear - The initial month starting from zero. 
    dayOfMonth - The initial day of the month. 
    onDateChangedListener - How user is notified date is changed by user, can be null. 

*android.widget.DatePicker.isEnabled()*

public boolean isEnabled()





*android.widget.DatePicker.onConfigurationChanged(Configuration)*

protected void onConfigurationChanged(android.content.res.Configuration newConfig)





*android.widget.DatePicker.onInitializeAccessibilityEvent(AccessibilityEvent)*

public void onInitializeAccessibilityEvent(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent event)





*android.widget.DatePicker.onInitializeAccessibilityNodeInfo(AccessibilityNodeInfo)*

public void onInitializeAccessibilityNodeInfo(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfo info)





*android.widget.DatePicker.onPopulateAccessibilityEvent(AccessibilityEvent)*

public void onPopulateAccessibilityEvent(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent event)





*android.widget.DatePicker.onRestoreInstanceState(Parcelable)*

protected void onRestoreInstanceState(android.os.Parcelable state)





*android.widget.DatePicker.onSaveInstanceState()*

protected |android.os.Parcelable| onSaveInstanceState()





*android.widget.DatePicker.setCalendarViewShown(boolean)*

public void setCalendarViewShown(boolean shown)

Sets whether the (|android.widget.CalendarView|) is shown. 


    shown - True if the calendar view is to be shown. 

*android.widget.DatePicker.setEnabled(boolean)*

public void setEnabled(boolean enabled)





*android.widget.DatePicker.setMaxDate(long)*

public void setMaxDate(long maxDate)

Sets the maximal date supported by this (|android.widget.DatePicker|) in 
milliseconds since January 1, 1970 00:00:00 in (|java.util.TimeZone|) time 
zone. 


    maxDate - The maximal supported date. 

*android.widget.DatePicker.setMinDate(long)*

public void setMinDate(long minDate)

Sets the minimal date supported by this (|android.widget.NumberPicker|) in 
milliseconds since January 1, 1970 00:00:00 in (|java.util.TimeZone|) time 
zone. 


    minDate - The minimal supported date. 

*android.widget.DatePicker.setSpinnersShown(boolean)*

public void setSpinnersShown(boolean shown)

Sets whether the spinners are shown. 


    shown - True if the spinners are to be shown. 

*android.widget.DatePicker.updateDate(int,int,int)*

public void updateDate(
  int year,
  int month,
  int dayOfMonth)

Updates the current date. 


    year - The year. 
    month - The month which is starting from zero. 
    dayOfMonth - The day of the month. 


