*android.speech.RecognitionService.Callback* *RecognitionService.Callback* This 

public class RecognitionService.Callback
  extends    |java.lang.Object|

|android.speech.RecognitionService.Callback_Description|
|android.speech.RecognitionService.Callback_Fields|
|android.speech.RecognitionService.Callback_Constructors|
|android.speech.RecognitionService.Callback_Methods|

================================================================================

*android.speech.RecognitionService.Callback_Methods*
|android.speech.RecognitionService.Callback.beginningOfSpeech()|The service sho
|android.speech.RecognitionService.Callback.bufferReceived(byte[])|The service 
|android.speech.RecognitionService.Callback.endOfSpeech()|The service should ca
|android.speech.RecognitionService.Callback.error(int)|The service should call 
|android.speech.RecognitionService.Callback.partialResults(Bundle)|The service 
|android.speech.RecognitionService.Callback.readyForSpeech(Bundle)|The service 
|android.speech.RecognitionService.Callback.results(Bundle)|The service should 
|android.speech.RecognitionService.Callback.rmsChanged(float)|The service shoul

*android.speech.RecognitionService.Callback_Description*

This class receives callbacks from the speech recognition service and forwards 
them to the user. An instance of this class is passed to the 
(|android.speech.RecognitionService|) method. Recognizers may call these 
methods on any thread. 



*android.speech.RecognitionService.Callback.beginningOfSpeech()*

public void beginningOfSpeech()
  throws |android.os.RemoteException|
         
The service should call this method when the user has started to speak. 



*android.speech.RecognitionService.Callback.bufferReceived(byte[])*

public void bufferReceived(byte[] buffer)
  throws |android.os.RemoteException|
         
The service should call this method when sound has been received. The purpose 
of this function is to allow giving feedback to the user regarding the captured 
audio. 


    buffer - a buffer containing a sequence of big-endian 16-bit integers representing a 
       single channel audio stream. The sample rate is implementation 
       dependent. 

*android.speech.RecognitionService.Callback.endOfSpeech()*

public void endOfSpeech()
  throws |android.os.RemoteException|
         
The service should call this method after the user stops speaking. 



*android.speech.RecognitionService.Callback.error(int)*

public void error(int error)
  throws |android.os.RemoteException|
         
The service should call this method when a network or recognition error 
occurred. 


    error - code is defined in {@link SpeechRecognizer} 

*android.speech.RecognitionService.Callback.partialResults(Bundle)*

public void partialResults(android.os.Bundle partialResults)
  throws |android.os.RemoteException|
         
The service should call this method when partial recognition results are 
available. This method can be called at any time between 
(|android.speech.RecognitionService.Callback|) and 
(|android.speech.RecognitionService.Callback|) when partial results are ready. 
This method may be called zero, one or multiple times for each call to 
(|android.speech.SpeechRecognizer|) , depending on the speech recognition 
service implementation. 


    partialResults - the returned results. To retrieve the results in ArrayList<String> format use 
       {@link Bundle#getStringArrayList(String)} with {@link 
       SpeechRecognizer#RESULTS_RECOGNITION} as a parameter 

*android.speech.RecognitionService.Callback.readyForSpeech(Bundle)*

public void readyForSpeech(android.os.Bundle params)
  throws |android.os.RemoteException|
         
The service should call this method when the endpointer is ready for the user 
to start speaking. 


    params - parameters set by the recognition service. Reserved for future use. 

*android.speech.RecognitionService.Callback.results(Bundle)*

public void results(android.os.Bundle results)
  throws |android.os.RemoteException|
         
The service should call this method when recognition results are ready. 


    results - the recognition results. To retrieve the results in {@code ArrayList<String>} 
       format use {@link Bundle#getStringArrayList(String)} with {@link 
       SpeechRecognizer#RESULTS_RECOGNITION} as a parameter 

*android.speech.RecognitionService.Callback.rmsChanged(float)*

public void rmsChanged(float rmsdB)
  throws |android.os.RemoteException|
         
The service should call this method when the sound level in the audio stream 
has changed. There is no guarantee that this method will be called. 


    rmsdB - the new RMS dB value 


