*android.provider.ContactsContract.Groups* *ContactsContract.Groups* Constants f

public static final class ContactsContract.Groups
  extends    |java.lang.Object|
  implements |android.provider.BaseColumns|
             |android.provider.ContactsContract.GroupsColumns|
             |android.provider.ContactsContract.SyncColumns|

|android.provider.ContactsContract.Groups_Description|
|android.provider.ContactsContract.Groups_Fields|
|android.provider.ContactsContract.Groups_Constructors|
|android.provider.ContactsContract.Groups_Methods|

================================================================================

*android.provider.ContactsContract.Groups_Fields*
|java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.Groups.CONTENT_ITEM_TYPE|
|android.net.Uri_android.provider.ContactsContract.Groups.CONTENT_SUMMARY_URI|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.Groups.CONTENT_TYPE|
|android.net.Uri_android.provider.ContactsContract.Groups.CONTENT_URI|

*android.provider.ContactsContract.Groups_Methods*
|android.provider.ContactsContract.Groups.newEntityIterator(Cursor)|

*android.provider.ContactsContract.Groups_Description*

Constants for the groups table. Only per-account groups are supported. Columns 

Groups 

long (|android.provider.ContactsContract.Groups|) read-only Row ID. Sync 
adapter should try to preserve row IDs during updates. In other words, it would 
be a really bad idea to delete and reinsert a group. A sync adapter should 
always do an update instead. 

# String (|android.provider.ContactsContract.Groups|) read/write-once 

The data set within the account that this group belongs to. This allows 
multiple sync adapters for the same account type to distinguish between each 
others' group data. The combination of 
(|android.provider.ContactsContract.Groups|) , 
(|android.provider.ContactsContract.Groups|) , and 
(|android.provider.ContactsContract.Groups|) identifies a set of data that is 
associated with a single sync adapter. 

This is empty by default, and is completely optional. It only needs to be 
populated if multiple sync adapters are entering distinct data for the same 
account type and account name. 

It should be set at the time the group is inserted and never changed 
afterwards. 



String (|android.provider.ContactsContract.Groups|) read/write The display 
title of this group. 

String (|android.provider.ContactsContract.Groups|) read/write Notes about the 
group. 

String (|android.provider.ContactsContract.Groups|) read/write The ID of this 
group if it is a System Group, i.e. a group that has a special meaning to the 
sync adapter, null otherwise. 

int (|android.provider.ContactsContract.Groups|) read-only The total number of 
(|android.provider.Contacts|) that have 
(|android.provider.ContactsContract.CommonDataKinds.GroupMembership|) in this 
group. Read-only value that is only present when querying 
(|android.provider.ContactsContract.Groups|) . 

int (|android.provider.ContactsContract.Groups|) read-only The total number of 
(|android.provider.Contacts|) that have both 
(|android.provider.ContactsContract.CommonDataKinds.GroupMembership|) in this 
group, and also have phone numbers. Read-only value that is only present when 
querying (|android.provider.ContactsContract.Groups|) . 

int (|android.provider.ContactsContract.Groups|) read-only Flag indicating if 
the contacts belonging to this group should be visible in any user interface. 
Allowed values: 0 and 1. 

int (|android.provider.ContactsContract.Groups|) read/write The "deleted" flag: 
"0" by default, "1" if the row has been marked for deletion. When 
(|android.content.ContentResolver|) is called on a group, it is marked for 
deletion. The sync adaptor deletes the group on the server and then calls 
ContactResolver.delete once more, this time setting the the 
(|android.provider.ContactsContract|) query parameter to finalize the data 
removal. 

int (|android.provider.ContactsContract.Groups|) read/write Whether this group 
should be synced if the SYNC_EVERYTHING settings is false for this group's 
account. 





*java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.Groups.CONTENT_ITEM_TYPE*

The MIME type of a single group. 


*android.net.Uri_android.provider.ContactsContract.Groups.CONTENT_SUMMARY_URI*

The content:// style URI for this table joined with details data from 
(|android.provider.ContactsContract.Data|) . 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.Groups.CONTENT_TYPE*

The MIME type of a directory of groups. 


*android.net.Uri_android.provider.ContactsContract.Groups.CONTENT_URI*

The content:// style URI for this table 



*android.provider.ContactsContract.Groups.newEntityIterator(Cursor)*

public static |android.content.EntityIterator| newEntityIterator(android.database.Cursor cursor)






