*android.util.AttributeSet* *AttributeSet* A collection of attributes, as found 

public interface interface AttributeSet


|android.util.AttributeSet_Description|
|android.util.AttributeSet_Fields|
|android.util.AttributeSet_Constructors|
|android.util.AttributeSet_Methods|

================================================================================

*android.util.AttributeSet_Methods*
|android.util.AttributeSet.getAttributeBooleanValue(int,boolean)|Return the boo
|android.util.AttributeSet.getAttributeBooleanValue(String,String,boolean)|Retu
|android.util.AttributeSet.getAttributeCount()|Returns the number of attributes
|android.util.AttributeSet.getAttributeFloatValue(int,float)|Return the float v
|android.util.AttributeSet.getAttributeFloatValue(String,String,float)|Return t
|android.util.AttributeSet.getAttributeIntValue(int,int)|Return the integer val
|android.util.AttributeSet.getAttributeIntValue(String,String,int)|Return the i
|android.util.AttributeSet.getAttributeListValue(int,String[],int)|Return the i
|android.util.AttributeSet.getAttributeListValue(String,String,String[],int)|Re
|android.util.AttributeSet.getAttributeName(int)|Returns the name of the specif
|android.util.AttributeSet.getAttributeNameResource(int)|Return the resource ID
|android.util.AttributeSet.getAttributeResourceValue(int,int)|Return the value 
|android.util.AttributeSet.getAttributeResourceValue(String,String,int)|Return 
|android.util.AttributeSet.getAttributeUnsignedIntValue(int,int)|Return the int
|android.util.AttributeSet.getAttributeUnsignedIntValue(String,String,int)|Retu
|android.util.AttributeSet.getAttributeValue(int)|Returns the value of the spec
|android.util.AttributeSet.getAttributeValue(String,String)|Returns the value o
|android.util.AttributeSet.getClassAttribute()|Return the value of the "class" 
|android.util.AttributeSet.getIdAttribute()|Return the value of the "id" attrib
|android.util.AttributeSet.getIdAttributeResourceValue(int)|Return the integer 
|android.util.AttributeSet.getPositionDescription()|Returns a description of th
|android.util.AttributeSet.getStyleAttribute()|Return the value of the "style" 

*android.util.AttributeSet_Description*

A collection of attributes, as found associated with a tag in an XML document. 
Often you will not want to use this interface directly, instead passing it to 
Resources.Theme.obtainStyledAttributes()(|android.content.res.Resources.Theme|) 
which will take care of parsing the attributes for you. In particular, the 
Resources API will convert resource references (attribute values such as 
"@string/my_label" in the original XML) to the desired type for you; if you use 
AttributeSet directly then you will need to manually check for resource 
references (with (|android.util.AttributeSet|) ) and do the resource lookup 
yourself if needed. Direct use of AttributeSet also prevents the application of 
themes and styles when retrieving attribute values. 

This interface provides an efficient mechanism for retrieving data from 
compiled XML files, which can be retrieved for a particular XmlPullParser 
through Xml.asAttributeSet()(|android.util.Xml|) . Normally this will return an 
implementation of the interface that works on top of a generic XmlPullParser, 
however it is more useful in conjunction with compiled XML resources: 



XmlPullParser parser = resources.getXml(myResouce); AttributeSet attributes = 
Xml.asAttributeSet(parser); 

The implementation returned here, unlike using the implementation on top of a 
generic XmlPullParser, is highly optimized by retrieving pre-computed 
information that was generated by aapt when compiling your resources. For 
example, the (|android.util.AttributeSet|) method returns a floating point 
number previous stored in the compiled resource instead of parsing at runtime 
the string originally in the XML file. 

This interface also provides additional information contained in the compiled 
XML resource that is not available in a normal XML file, such as 
(|android.util.AttributeSet|) which returns the resource identifier associated 
with a particular XML attribute name. 



*android.util.AttributeSet.getAttributeBooleanValue(int,boolean)*

public boolean getAttributeBooleanValue(
  int index,
  boolean defaultValue)

Return the boolean value of attribute at 'index'. 


    index - Index of the desired attribute, 0...count-1. 
    defaultValue - What to return if the attribute isn't found. 

    Returns: Resulting value. 

*android.util.AttributeSet.getAttributeBooleanValue(String,String,boolean)*

public boolean getAttributeBooleanValue(
  java.lang.String namespace,
  java.lang.String attribute,
  boolean defaultValue)

Return the boolean value of 'attribute'. 


    namespace - Namespace of attribute to retrieve. 
    attribute - The attribute to retrieve. 
    defaultValue - What to return if the attribute isn't found. 

    Returns: Resulting value. 

*android.util.AttributeSet.getAttributeCount()*

public int getAttributeCount()

Returns the number of attributes available in the set. 



    Returns: A positive integer, or 0 if the set is empty. 

*android.util.AttributeSet.getAttributeFloatValue(int,float)*

public float getAttributeFloatValue(
  int index,
  float defaultValue)

Return the float value of attribute at 'index'. 


    index - Index of the desired attribute, 0...count-1. 
    defaultValue - What to return if the attribute isn't found. 

    Returns: Resulting value. 

*android.util.AttributeSet.getAttributeFloatValue(String,String,float)*

public float getAttributeFloatValue(
  java.lang.String namespace,
  java.lang.String attribute,
  float defaultValue)

Return the float value of 'attribute'. 


    namespace - Namespace of attribute to retrieve. 
    attribute - The attribute to retrieve. 
    defaultValue - What to return if the attribute isn't found. 

    Returns: Resulting value. 

*android.util.AttributeSet.getAttributeIntValue(int,int)*

public int getAttributeIntValue(
  int index,
  int defaultValue)

Return the integer value of attribute at 'index'. 


    index - Index of the desired attribute, 0...count-1. 
    defaultValue - What to return if the attribute isn't found. 

    Returns: Resulting value. 

*android.util.AttributeSet.getAttributeIntValue(String,String,int)*

public int getAttributeIntValue(
  java.lang.String namespace,
  java.lang.String attribute,
  int defaultValue)

Return the integer value of 'attribute'. 


    namespace - Namespace of attribute to retrieve. 
    attribute - The attribute to retrieve. 
    defaultValue - What to return if the attribute isn't found. 

    Returns: Resulting value. 

*android.util.AttributeSet.getAttributeListValue(int,String[],int)*

public int getAttributeListValue(
  int index,
  java.lang.String[] options,
  int defaultValue)

Return the index of the value of attribute at 'index' in the list 'options'. 


    index - Index of the desired attribute, 0...count-1. 
    options - List of strings whose values we are checking against. 
    defaultValue - Value returned if attribute doesn't exist or no match is found. 

    Returns: Index in to 'options' or defaultValue. 

*android.util.AttributeSet.getAttributeListValue(String,String,String[],int)*

public int getAttributeListValue(
  java.lang.String namespace,
  java.lang.String attribute,
  java.lang.String[] options,
  int defaultValue)

Return the index of the value of 'attribute' in the list 'options'. 


    namespace - Namespace of attribute to retrieve. 
    attribute - Name of attribute to retrieve. 
    options - List of strings whose values we are checking against. 
    defaultValue - Value returned if attribute doesn't exist or no match is found. 

    Returns: Index in to 'options' or defaultValue. 

*android.util.AttributeSet.getAttributeName(int)*

public |java.lang.String| getAttributeName(int index)

Returns the name of the specified attribute. 


    index - Index of the desired attribute, 0...count-1. 

    Returns: A String containing the name of the attribute, or null if the attribute cannot 
             be found. 

*android.util.AttributeSet.getAttributeNameResource(int)*

public int getAttributeNameResource(int index)

Return the resource ID associated with the given attribute name. This will be 
the identifier for an attribute resource, which can be used by styles. Returns 
0 if there is no resource associated with this attribute. 

Note that this is different than (|android.util.AttributeSet|) in that it 
returns a resource identifier for the attribute name; the other method returns 
this attribute's value as a resource identifier. 


    index - Index of the desired attribute, 0...count-1. 

    Returns: The resource identifier, 0 if none. 

*android.util.AttributeSet.getAttributeResourceValue(int,int)*

public int getAttributeResourceValue(
  int index,
  int defaultValue)

Return the value of attribute at 'index' as a resource identifier. 

Note that this is different than (|android.util.AttributeSet|) in that it 
returns the value contained in this attribute as a resource identifier (i.e., a 
value originally of the form "@package:type/resource"); the other method 
returns a resource identifier that identifies the name of the attribute. 


    index - Index of the desired attribute, 0...count-1. 
    defaultValue - What to return if the attribute isn't found. 

    Returns: Resulting value. 

*android.util.AttributeSet.getAttributeResourceValue(String,String,int)*

public int getAttributeResourceValue(
  java.lang.String namespace,
  java.lang.String attribute,
  int defaultValue)

Return the value of 'attribute' as a resource identifier. 

Note that this is different than (|android.util.AttributeSet|) in that it 
returns the value contained in this attribute as a resource identifier (i.e., a 
value originally of the form "@package:type/resource"); the other method 
returns a resource identifier that identifies the name of the attribute. 


    namespace - Namespace of attribute to retrieve. 
    attribute - The attribute to retrieve. 
    defaultValue - What to return if the attribute isn't found. 

    Returns: Resulting value. 

*android.util.AttributeSet.getAttributeUnsignedIntValue(int,int)*

public int getAttributeUnsignedIntValue(
  int index,
  int defaultValue)

Return the integer value of attribute at 'index' that is formatted as an 
unsigned value. In particular, the formats 0xn...n and #n...n are handled. 


    index - Index of the desired attribute, 0...count-1. 
    defaultValue - What to return if the attribute isn't found. 

    Returns: Resulting value. 

*android.util.AttributeSet.getAttributeUnsignedIntValue(String,String,int)*

public int getAttributeUnsignedIntValue(
  java.lang.String namespace,
  java.lang.String attribute,
  int defaultValue)

Return the boolean value of 'attribute' that is formatted as an unsigned value. 
In particular, the formats 0xn...n and #n...n are handled. 


    namespace - Namespace of attribute to retrieve. 
    attribute - The attribute to retrieve. 
    defaultValue - What to return if the attribute isn't found. 

    Returns: Resulting value. 

*android.util.AttributeSet.getAttributeValue(int)*

public |java.lang.String| getAttributeValue(int index)

Returns the value of the specified attribute as a string representation. 


    index - Index of the desired attribute, 0...count-1. 

    Returns: A String containing the value of the attribute, or null if the attribute cannot 
             be found. 

*android.util.AttributeSet.getAttributeValue(String,String)*

public |java.lang.String| getAttributeValue(
  java.lang.String namespace,
  java.lang.String name)

Returns the value of the specified attribute as a string representation. The 
lookup is performed using the attribute name. 


    namespace - The namespace of the attribute to get the value from. 
    name - The name of the attribute to get the value from. 

    Returns: A String containing the value of the attribute, or null if the attribute cannot 
             be found. 

*android.util.AttributeSet.getClassAttribute()*

public |java.lang.String| getClassAttribute()

Return the value of the "class" attribute or null if there is not one. 
Equivalent to getAttributeValue(null, "class"). 



    Returns: The class attribute's value or null. 

*android.util.AttributeSet.getIdAttribute()*

public |java.lang.String| getIdAttribute()

Return the value of the "id" attribute or null if there is not one. Equivalent 
to getAttributeValue(null, "id"). 



    Returns: The id attribute's value or null. 

*android.util.AttributeSet.getIdAttributeResourceValue(int)*

public int getIdAttributeResourceValue(int defaultValue)

Return the integer value of the "id" attribute or defaultValue if there is 
none. Equivalent to getAttributeResourceValue(null, "id", defaultValue); 


    defaultValue - What to return if the "id" attribute isn't found. 

    Returns: int Resulting value. 

*android.util.AttributeSet.getPositionDescription()*

public |java.lang.String| getPositionDescription()

Returns a description of the current position of the attribute set. For 
instance, if the attribute set is loaded from an XML document, the position 
description could indicate the current line number. 



    Returns: A string representation of the current position in the set, may be null. 

*android.util.AttributeSet.getStyleAttribute()*

public int getStyleAttribute()

Return the value of the "style" attribute or 0 if there is not one. Equivalent 
to getAttributeResourceValue(null, "style"). 



    Returns: The style attribute's resource identifier or 0. 


