*android.provider.CalendarContract.CalendarColumns* *CalendarContract.CalendarColumns* 

protected static interface interface CalendarContract.CalendarColumns


|android.provider.CalendarContract.CalendarColumns_Description|
|android.provider.CalendarContract.CalendarColumns_Fields|
|android.provider.CalendarContract.CalendarColumns_Constructors|
|android.provider.CalendarContract.CalendarColumns_Methods|

================================================================================

*android.provider.CalendarContract.CalendarColumns_Fields*
|java.lang.String_android.provider.CalendarContract.CalendarColumns.ALLOWED_ATTENDEE_TYPES|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.CalendarContract.CalendarColumns.ALLOWED_AVAILABILITY|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.CalendarContract.CalendarColumns.ALLOWED_REMINDERS|
|int_android.provider.CalendarContract.CalendarColumns.CAL_ACCESS_CONTRIBUTOR|
|int_android.provider.CalendarContract.CalendarColumns.CAL_ACCESS_EDITOR|
|int_android.provider.CalendarContract.CalendarColumns.CAL_ACCESS_FREEBUSY|
|int_android.provider.CalendarContract.CalendarColumns.CAL_ACCESS_NONE|
|int_android.provider.CalendarContract.CalendarColumns.CAL_ACCESS_OVERRIDE|
|int_android.provider.CalendarContract.CalendarColumns.CAL_ACCESS_OWNER|
|int_android.provider.CalendarContract.CalendarColumns.CAL_ACCESS_READ|
|int_android.provider.CalendarContract.CalendarColumns.CAL_ACCESS_RESPOND|
|int_android.provider.CalendarContract.CalendarColumns.CAL_ACCESS_ROOT|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.CalendarContract.CalendarColumns.CALENDAR_ACCESS_LEVEL|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.CalendarContract.CalendarColumns.CALENDAR_COLOR|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.CalendarContract.CalendarColumns.CALENDAR_COLOR_KEY|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.CalendarContract.CalendarColumns.CALENDAR_DISPLAY_NAME|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.CalendarContract.CalendarColumns.CALENDAR_TIME_ZONE|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.CalendarContract.CalendarColumns.CAN_MODIFY_TIME_ZONE|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.CalendarContract.CalendarColumns.CAN_ORGANIZER_RESPOND|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.CalendarContract.CalendarColumns.IS_PRIMARY|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.CalendarContract.CalendarColumns.MAX_REMINDERS|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.CalendarContract.CalendarColumns.OWNER_ACCOUNT|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.CalendarContract.CalendarColumns.SYNC_EVENTS|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.CalendarContract.CalendarColumns.VISIBLE|

*android.provider.CalendarContract.CalendarColumns_Description*

Columns specific to the Calendars Uri that other Uris can query. 



*java.lang.String_android.provider.CalendarContract.CalendarColumns.ALLOWED_ATTENDEE_TYPES*

A comma separated list of attendee types supported for this calendar in the 
format "#,#,#". Valid types are (|android.provider.CalendarContract.Attendees|) 
, (|android.provider.CalendarContract.Attendees|) , 
(|android.provider.CalendarContract.Attendees|) , 
(|android.provider.CalendarContract.Attendees|) . Setting this field to only 
(|android.provider.CalendarContract.Attendees|) should be used to indicate that 
changing the attendee type is not supported. 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.CalendarContract.CalendarColumns.ALLOWED_AVAILABILITY*

A comma separated list of availability types supported for this calendar in the 
format "#,#,#". Valid types are (|android.provider.CalendarContract.Events|) , 
(|android.provider.CalendarContract.Events|) , 
(|android.provider.CalendarContract.Events|) . Setting this field to only 
(|android.provider.CalendarContract.Events|) should be used to indicate that 
changing the availability is not supported. 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.CalendarContract.CalendarColumns.ALLOWED_REMINDERS*

A comma separated list of reminder methods supported for this calendar in the 
format "#,#,#". Valid types are (|android.provider.CalendarContract.Reminders|) 
, (|android.provider.CalendarContract.Reminders|) , 
(|android.provider.CalendarContract.Reminders|) , 
(|android.provider.CalendarContract.Reminders|) , 
(|android.provider.CalendarContract.Reminders|) . Column name. Type: TEXT 


*int_android.provider.CalendarContract.CalendarColumns.CAL_ACCESS_CONTRIBUTOR*

Full access to modify the calendar, but not the access control settings 


*int_android.provider.CalendarContract.CalendarColumns.CAL_ACCESS_EDITOR*

Full access to modify the calendar, but not the access control settings 


*int_android.provider.CalendarContract.CalendarColumns.CAL_ACCESS_FREEBUSY*

Can only see free/busy information about the calendar 


*int_android.provider.CalendarContract.CalendarColumns.CAL_ACCESS_NONE*

Cannot access the calendar 


*int_android.provider.CalendarContract.CalendarColumns.CAL_ACCESS_OVERRIDE*

not used 


*int_android.provider.CalendarContract.CalendarColumns.CAL_ACCESS_OWNER*

Full access to the calendar 


*int_android.provider.CalendarContract.CalendarColumns.CAL_ACCESS_READ*

Can read all event details 


*int_android.provider.CalendarContract.CalendarColumns.CAL_ACCESS_RESPOND*

Can reply yes/no/maybe to an event 


*int_android.provider.CalendarContract.CalendarColumns.CAL_ACCESS_ROOT*

Domain admin 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.CalendarContract.CalendarColumns.CALENDAR_ACCESS_LEVEL*

The level of access that the user has for the calendar Type: INTEGER (one of 
the values below) 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.CalendarContract.CalendarColumns.CALENDAR_COLOR*

The color of the calendar. This should only be updated by the sync adapter, not 
other apps, as changing a calendar's color can adversely affect its display. 
Type: INTEGER (color value) 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.CalendarContract.CalendarColumns.CALENDAR_COLOR_KEY*

A key for looking up a color from the 
(|android.provider.CalendarContract.Colors|) table. NULL or an empty string are 
reserved for indicating that the calendar does not use a key for looking up the 
color. The provider will update 
(|android.provider.CalendarContract.CalendarColumns|) automatically when a 
valid key is written to this column. The key must reference an existing row of 
the (|android.provider.CalendarContract.Colors|) table. @see Colors 

Type: TEXT 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.CalendarContract.CalendarColumns.CALENDAR_DISPLAY_NAME*

The display name of the calendar. Column name. 

Type: TEXT 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.CalendarContract.CalendarColumns.CALENDAR_TIME_ZONE*

The time zone the calendar is associated with. Type: TEXT 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.CalendarContract.CalendarColumns.CAN_MODIFY_TIME_ZONE*

Can the organizer modify the time zone of the event? Column name. Type: INTEGER 
(boolean) 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.CalendarContract.CalendarColumns.CAN_ORGANIZER_RESPOND*

Can the organizer respond to the event? If no, the status of the organizer 
should not be shown by the UI. Defaults to 1. Column name. Type: INTEGER 
(boolean) 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.CalendarContract.CalendarColumns.IS_PRIMARY*

Is this the primary calendar for this account. If this column is not explicitly 
set, the provider will return 1 if 
(|android.provider.CalendarContract.Calendars|) is equal to 
(|android.provider.CalendarContract.Calendars|) . 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.CalendarContract.CalendarColumns.MAX_REMINDERS*

The maximum number of reminders allowed for an event. Column name. Type: 
INTEGER 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.CalendarContract.CalendarColumns.OWNER_ACCOUNT*

The owner account for this calendar, based on the calendar feed. This will be 
different from the _SYNC_ACCOUNT for delegated calendars. Column name. Type: 
String 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.CalendarContract.CalendarColumns.SYNC_EVENTS*

Is this calendar synced and are its events stored on the device? 0 - Do not 
sync this calendar or store events for this calendar. 1 - Sync down events for 
this calendar. Type: INTEGER (boolean) 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.CalendarContract.CalendarColumns.VISIBLE*

Is the calendar selected to be displayed? 0 - do not show events associated 
with this calendar. 1 - show events associated with this calendar Type: INTEGER 
(boolean) 



