*android.provider.ContactsContract.Profile* *ContactsContract.Profile* 
 Constan

public static final class ContactsContract.Profile
  extends    |java.lang.Object|
  implements |android.provider.BaseColumns|
             |android.provider.ContactsContract.ContactsColumns|
             |android.provider.ContactsContract.ContactOptionsColumns|
             |android.provider.ContactsContract.ContactNameColumns|
             |android.provider.ContactsContract.ContactStatusColumns|

|android.provider.ContactsContract.Profile_Description|
|android.provider.ContactsContract.Profile_Fields|
|android.provider.ContactsContract.Profile_Constructors|
|android.provider.ContactsContract.Profile_Methods|

================================================================================

*android.provider.ContactsContract.Profile_Fields*
|android.net.Uri_android.provider.ContactsContract.Profile.CONTENT_RAW_CONTACTS_URI|
|android.net.Uri_android.provider.ContactsContract.Profile.CONTENT_URI|
|android.net.Uri_android.provider.ContactsContract.Profile.CONTENT_VCARD_URI|
|long_android.provider.ContactsContract.Profile.MIN_ID|

*android.provider.ContactsContract.Profile_Description*

Constants for the user's profile data, which is represented as a single contact 
on the device that represents the user. The profile contact is not aggregated 
together automatically in the same way that normal contacts are; instead, each 
account (including data set, if applicable) on the device may contribute a 
single raw contact representing the user's personal profile data from that 
source. 

Access to the profile entry through these URIs (or incidental access to parts 
of the profile if retrieved directly via ID) requires additional permissions 
beyond the read/write contact permissions required by the provider. Querying 
for profile data requires android.permission.READ_PROFILE permission, and 
inserting or updating profile data requires android.permission.WRITE_PROFILE 
permission. 

Operations 

Insert The user's profile entry cannot be created explicitly (attempting to do 
so will throw an exception). When a raw contact is inserted into the profile, 
the provider will check for the existence of a profile on the device. If one is 
found, the raw contact's (|android.provider.ContactsContract.RawContacts|) 
column gets the _ID of the profile Contact. If no match is found, the profile 
Contact is created and its _ID is put into the 
(|android.provider.ContactsContract.RawContacts|) column of the newly inserted 
raw contact. Update The profile Contact has the same update restrictions as 
Contacts in general, but requires the android.permission.WRITE_PROFILE 
permission. Delete The profile Contact cannot be explicitly deleted. It will be 
removed automatically if all of its constituent raw contact entries are 
deleted. Query 

The (|android.provider.ContactsContract.Profile|) for profiles behaves in much 
the same way as retrieving a contact by ID, except that it will only ever 
return the user's profile contact. 

The profile contact supports all of the same sub-paths as an individual contact 
does - the content of the profile contact can be retrieved as entities or data 
rows. Similarly, specific raw contact entries can be retrieved by appending the 
desired raw contact ID within the profile. 







*android.net.Uri_android.provider.ContactsContract.Profile.CONTENT_RAW_CONTACTS_URI*

(|android.net.Uri|) for referencing the raw contacts that make up the user's 
profile (|android.provider.Contacts|) entry. An individual raw contact entry 
within the profile can be addressed by appending the raw contact ID. The 
entities or data within that specific raw contact can be requested by appending 
the entity or data path as well. 


*android.net.Uri_android.provider.ContactsContract.Profile.CONTENT_URI*

The content:// style URI for this table, which requests the contact entry 
representing the user's personal profile data. 


*android.net.Uri_android.provider.ContactsContract.Profile.CONTENT_VCARD_URI*

(|android.net.Uri|) for referencing the user's profile 
(|android.provider.Contacts|) entry, Provides 
(|android.provider.OpenableColumns|) columns when queried, or returns the 
user's profile contact formatted as a vCard when opened through 
(|android.content.ContentResolver|) . 


*long_android.provider.ContactsContract.Profile.MIN_ID*

The minimum ID for any entity that belongs to the profile. This essentially 
defines an ID-space in which profile data is stored, and is used by the 
provider to determine whether a request via a non-profile-specific URI should 
be directed to the profile data rather than general contacts data, along with 
all the special permission checks that entails. 

Callers may use (|android.provider.ContactsContract.Profile|) to check whether 
a specific ID falls into the set of data intended for the profile. 



