*android.widget.HeterogeneousExpandableList* *HeterogeneousExpandableList* Addit

public interface interface HeterogeneousExpandableList


|android.widget.HeterogeneousExpandableList_Description|
|android.widget.HeterogeneousExpandableList_Fields|
|android.widget.HeterogeneousExpandableList_Constructors|
|android.widget.HeterogeneousExpandableList_Methods|

================================================================================

*android.widget.HeterogeneousExpandableList_Methods*
|android.widget.HeterogeneousExpandableList.getChildType(int,int)|Get the type 
|android.widget.HeterogeneousExpandableList.getChildTypeCount()|Returns the num
|android.widget.HeterogeneousExpandableList.getGroupType(int)|Get the type of g
|android.widget.HeterogeneousExpandableList.getGroupTypeCount()|Returns the num

*android.widget.HeterogeneousExpandableList_Description*

Additional methods that when implemented make an 
(|android.widget.ExpandableListAdapter|) take advantage of the 
(|android.widget.Adapter|) view type mechanism. 

An (|android.widget.ExpandableListAdapter|) declares it has one view type for 
its group items and one view type for its child items. Although adapted for 
most (|android.widget.ExpandableListView|) s, these values should be tuned for 
heterogeneous (|android.widget.ExpandableListView|) s. 

Lists that contain different types of group and/or child item views, should use 
an adapter that implements this interface. This way, the recycled views that 
will be provided to (|android.widget.ExpandableListAdapter|) and 
(|android.widget.ExpandableListAdapter|) will be of the appropriate group or 
child type, resulting in a more efficient reuse of the previously created 
views. 



*android.widget.HeterogeneousExpandableList.getChildType(int,int)*

public int getChildType(
  int groupPosition,
  int childPosition)

Get the type of child View that will be created by 
(|android.widget.ExpandableListAdapter|) for the specified child item. 


    groupPosition - the position of the group that the child resides in 
    childPosition - the position of the child with respect to other children in the group 

    Returns: An integer representing the type of child View. Two child views should share 
             the same type if one can be converted to the other in {@link 
             android.widget.ExpandableListAdapter#getChildView(int, int, 
             boolean, View, ViewGroup)} Note: Integers must be in the range 0 
             to {@link #getChildTypeCount} - 1. {@link 
             android.widget.Adapter#IGNORE_ITEM_VIEW_TYPE} can also be 
             returned. 

*android.widget.HeterogeneousExpandableList.getChildTypeCount()*

public int getChildTypeCount()

Returns the number of types of child Views that will be created by 
(|android.widget.ExpandableListAdapter|) . Each type represents a set of views 
that can be converted in (|android.widget.ExpandableListAdapter|) , for any 
group. If the adapter always returns the same type of View for all child items, 
this method should return 1. 

This method will only be called when the adapter is set on the 
(|android.widget.AdapterView|) . 



    Returns: The total number of types of child Views that will be created by this adapter. 

*android.widget.HeterogeneousExpandableList.getGroupType(int)*

public int getGroupType(int groupPosition)

Get the type of group View that will be created by 
(|android.widget.ExpandableListAdapter|) . for the specified group item. 


    groupPosition - the position of the group for which the type should be returned. 

    Returns: An integer representing the type of group View. Two group views should share 
             the same type if one can be converted to the other in {@link 
             android.widget.ExpandableListAdapter#getGroupView(int, boolean, 
             View, ViewGroup)} . Note: Integers must be in the range 0 to 
             {@link #getGroupTypeCount} - 1. {@link 
             android.widget.Adapter#IGNORE_ITEM_VIEW_TYPE} can also be 
             returned. 

*android.widget.HeterogeneousExpandableList.getGroupTypeCount()*

public int getGroupTypeCount()

Returns the number of types of group Views that will be created by 
(|android.widget.ExpandableListAdapter|) . Each type represents a set of views 
that can be converted in (|android.widget.ExpandableListAdapter|) . If the 
adapter always returns the same type of View for all group items, this method 
should return 1. 

This method will only be called when the adapter is set on the 
(|android.widget.AdapterView|) . 



    Returns: The number of types of group Views that will be created by this adapter. 


