*android.os.UserHandle* *UserHandle* Representation of a user on the device.

public final class UserHandle
  extends    |java.lang.Object|
  implements |android.os.Parcelable|

|android.os.UserHandle_Description|
|android.os.UserHandle_Fields|
|android.os.UserHandle_Constructors|
|android.os.UserHandle_Methods|

================================================================================

*android.os.UserHandle_Fields*
|android.os.UserHandle_android.os.UserHandle.ALL|
|android.os.Parcelable.Creator<android.os.UserHandle>_android.os.UserHandle.CREATOR|
|android.os.UserHandle_android.os.UserHandle.CURRENT|
|android.os.UserHandle_android.os.UserHandle.CURRENT_OR_SELF|
|boolean_android.os.UserHandle.MU_ENABLED|
|android.os.UserHandle_android.os.UserHandle.OWNER|
|int_android.os.UserHandle.PER_USER_RANGE|
|int_android.os.UserHandle.USER_ALL|
|int_android.os.UserHandle.USER_CURRENT|
|int_android.os.UserHandle.USER_CURRENT_OR_SELF|
|int_android.os.UserHandle.USER_NULL|
|int_android.os.UserHandle.USER_OWNER|

*android.os.UserHandle_Constructors*
|android.os.UserHandle(int)|
|android.os.UserHandle(Parcel)|Instantiate a new UserHandle from the data in a 

*android.os.UserHandle_Methods*
|android.os.UserHandle.describeContents()|
|android.os.UserHandle.equals(Object)|
|android.os.UserHandle.formatUid(PrintWriter,int)|Generate a text representatio
|android.os.UserHandle.formatUid(StringBuilder,int)|Generate a text representat
|android.os.UserHandle.getAppId(int)|Returns the app id (or base uid) for a giv
|android.os.UserHandle.getCallingUserId()|
|android.os.UserHandle.getIdentifier()|
|android.os.UserHandle.getSharedAppGid(int)|Returns the shared app gid for a gi
|android.os.UserHandle.getUid(int,int)|Returns the uid that is composed from th
|android.os.UserHandle.getUserId(int)|Returns the user id for a given uid.
|android.os.UserHandle.hashCode()|
|android.os.UserHandle.isApp(int)|
|android.os.UserHandle.isIsolated(int)|
|android.os.UserHandle.isSameApp(int,int)|Checks to see if both uids are referr
|android.os.UserHandle.isSameUser(int,int)|Checks to see if the user id is the 
|android.os.UserHandle.myUserId()|Returns the user id of the current process
|android.os.UserHandle.readFromParcel(Parcel)|Read a UserHandle from a Parcel t
|android.os.UserHandle.toString()|
|android.os.UserHandle.writeToParcel(Parcel,int)|
|android.os.UserHandle.writeToParcel(UserHandle,Parcel)|Write a UserHandle to a

*android.os.UserHandle_Description*

Representation of a user on the device. 



*android.os.UserHandle_android.os.UserHandle.ALL*




*android.os.Parcelable.Creator<android.os.UserHandle>_android.os.UserHandle.CREATOR*




*android.os.UserHandle_android.os.UserHandle.CURRENT*




*android.os.UserHandle_android.os.UserHandle.CURRENT_OR_SELF*




*boolean_android.os.UserHandle.MU_ENABLED*




*android.os.UserHandle_android.os.UserHandle.OWNER*




*int_android.os.UserHandle.PER_USER_RANGE*




*int_android.os.UserHandle.USER_ALL*




*int_android.os.UserHandle.USER_CURRENT*




*int_android.os.UserHandle.USER_CURRENT_OR_SELF*




*int_android.os.UserHandle.USER_NULL*




*int_android.os.UserHandle.USER_OWNER*





*android.os.UserHandle(int)*

public UserHandle(int h)




*android.os.UserHandle(Parcel)*

public UserHandle(android.os.Parcel in)

Instantiate a new UserHandle from the data in a Parcel that was previously 
written with (|android.os.UserHandle|) . Note that you must not use this with 
data written by (|android.os.UserHandle|) since it is not possible to handle a 
null UserHandle here. 

    in - The Parcel containing the previously written UserHandle, positioned at the 
       location in the buffer where it was written. 

*android.os.UserHandle.describeContents()*

public int describeContents()





*android.os.UserHandle.equals(Object)*

public boolean equals(java.lang.Object obj)





*android.os.UserHandle.formatUid(PrintWriter,int)*

public static void formatUid(
  java.io.PrintWriter pw,
  int uid)

Generate a text representation of the uid, breaking out its individual 
components -- user, app, isolated, etc. 



*android.os.UserHandle.formatUid(StringBuilder,int)*

public static void formatUid(
  java.lang.StringBuilder sb,
  int uid)

Generate a text representation of the uid, breaking out its individual 
components -- user, app, isolated, etc. 



*android.os.UserHandle.getAppId(int)*

public static final int getAppId(int uid)

Returns the app id (or base uid) for a given uid, stripping out the user id 
from it. 



*android.os.UserHandle.getCallingUserId()*

public static final int getCallingUserId()





*android.os.UserHandle.getIdentifier()*

public int getIdentifier()





*android.os.UserHandle.getSharedAppGid(int)*

public static final int getSharedAppGid(int id)

Returns the shared app gid for a given uid or appId. 



*android.os.UserHandle.getUid(int,int)*

public static final int getUid(
  int userId,
  int appId)

Returns the uid that is composed from the userId and the appId. 



*android.os.UserHandle.getUserId(int)*

public static final int getUserId(int uid)

Returns the user id for a given uid. 



*android.os.UserHandle.hashCode()*

public int hashCode()





*android.os.UserHandle.isApp(int)*

public static boolean isApp(int uid)





*android.os.UserHandle.isIsolated(int)*

public static final boolean isIsolated(int uid)





*android.os.UserHandle.isSameApp(int,int)*

public static final boolean isSameApp(
  int uid1,
  int uid2)

Checks to see if both uids are referring to the same app id, ignoring the user 
id part of the uids. 


    uid1 - uid to compare 
    uid2 - other uid to compare 

    Returns: whether the appId is the same for both uids 

*android.os.UserHandle.isSameUser(int,int)*

public static final boolean isSameUser(
  int uid1,
  int uid2)

Checks to see if the user id is the same for the two uids, i.e., they belong to 
the same user. 



*android.os.UserHandle.myUserId()*

public static final int myUserId()

Returns the user id of the current process 



    Returns: user id of the current process 

*android.os.UserHandle.readFromParcel(Parcel)*

public static |android.os.UserHandle| readFromParcel(android.os.Parcel in)

Read a UserHandle from a Parcel that was previously written with 
(|android.os.UserHandle|) , returning either a null or new object as 
appropriate. 


    in - The Parcel from which to read the UserHandle 

    Returns: Returns a new UserHandle matching the previously written object, or null if a 
             null had been written. 

*android.os.UserHandle.toString()*

public |java.lang.String| toString()





*android.os.UserHandle.writeToParcel(Parcel,int)*

public void writeToParcel(
  android.os.Parcel out,
  int flags)





*android.os.UserHandle.writeToParcel(UserHandle,Parcel)*

public static void writeToParcel(
  android.os.UserHandle h,
  android.os.Parcel out)

Write a UserHandle to a Parcel, handling null pointers. Must be read with 
(|android.os.UserHandle|) . 


    h - The UserHandle to be written. 
    out - The Parcel in which the UserHandle will be placed. 


