*android.provider.AlarmClock* *AlarmClock* The AlarmClock provider contains an I

public final class AlarmClock
  extends    |java.lang.Object|

|android.provider.AlarmClock_Description|
|android.provider.AlarmClock_Fields|
|android.provider.AlarmClock_Constructors|
|android.provider.AlarmClock_Methods|

================================================================================

*android.provider.AlarmClock_Fields*
|java.lang.String_android.provider.AlarmClock.ACTION_SET_ALARM|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.AlarmClock.ACTION_SET_TIMER|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.AlarmClock.ACTION_SHOW_ALARMS|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.AlarmClock.EXTRA_DAYS|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.AlarmClock.EXTRA_HOUR|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.AlarmClock.EXTRA_LENGTH|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.AlarmClock.EXTRA_MESSAGE|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.AlarmClock.EXTRA_MINUTES|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.AlarmClock.EXTRA_RINGTONE|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.AlarmClock.EXTRA_SKIP_UI|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.AlarmClock.EXTRA_VIBRATE|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.AlarmClock.VALUE_RINGTONE_SILENT|

*android.provider.AlarmClock_Constructors*
|android.provider.AlarmClock()|

*android.provider.AlarmClock_Description*

The AlarmClock provider contains an Intent action and extras that can be used 
to start an Activity to set a new alarm or timer in an alarm clock application. 

Applications that wish to receive the ACTION_SET_ALARM and ACTION_SET_TIMER 
Intents should create an activity to handle the Intent that requires the 
permission com.android.alarm.permission.SET_ALARM. Applications that wish to 
create a new alarm or timer should use 
Context.startActivity()(|android.content.Context|) so that the user has the 
option of choosing which alarm clock application to use. 



*java.lang.String_android.provider.AlarmClock.ACTION_SET_ALARM*

Activity Action: Set an alarm. 

Activates an existing alarm or creates a new one. 

This action requests an alarm to be set for a given time of day. If no time of 
day is specified, an implementation should start an activity that is capable of 
setting an alarm ( (|android.provider.AlarmClock|) is ignored in this case). If 
a time of day is specified, and (|android.provider.AlarmClock|) istrue, and the 
alarm is not repeating, the implementation should remove this alarm after it 
has been dismissed. If an identical alarm exists matching all parameters, the 
implementation may re-use it instead of creating a new one (in this case, the 
alarm should not be removed after dismissal). 

This action always enables the alarm. 

Request parameters 

(|android.provider.AlarmClock|) (optional): The hour of the alarm being set. 
(|android.provider.AlarmClock|) (optional): The minutes of the alarm being set. 
(|android.provider.AlarmClock|) (optional): Weekdays for repeating alarm. 
(|android.provider.AlarmClock|) (optional): A custom message for the alarm. 
(|android.provider.AlarmClock|) (optional): A ringtone to play with this alarm. 
(|android.provider.AlarmClock|) (optional): Whether or not to activate the 
device vibrator for this alarm. (|android.provider.AlarmClock|) (optional): 
Whether or not to display an activity for setting this alarm. 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.AlarmClock.ACTION_SET_TIMER*

Activity Action: Set a timer. 

Activates an existing timer or creates a new one. 

This action requests a timer to be started for a specific 
length(|android.provider.AlarmClock|) of time. If no 
length(|android.provider.AlarmClock|) is specified, the implementation should 
start an activity that is capable of setting a timer ( 
(|android.provider.AlarmClock|) is ignored in this case). If a 
length(|android.provider.AlarmClock|) is specified, and 
(|android.provider.AlarmClock|) istrue, the implementation should remove this 
timer after it has been dismissed. If an identical, unused timer exists 
matching both parameters, an implementation may re-use it instead of creating a 
new one (in this case, the timer should not be removed after dismissal). 

This action always starts the timer. 

Request parameters 

(|android.provider.AlarmClock|) (optional): The length of the timer being set. 
(|android.provider.AlarmClock|) (optional): A custom message for the timer. 
(|android.provider.AlarmClock|) (optional): Whether or not to display an 
activity for setting this timer. 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.AlarmClock.ACTION_SHOW_ALARMS*

Activity Action: Show the alarms. 

This action opens the alarms page. 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.AlarmClock.EXTRA_DAYS*

Bundle extra: Weekdays for repeating alarm. 

Used by (|android.provider.AlarmClock|) . 

The value is anArrayList. Each item can be: 

(|java.util.Calendar|) , (|java.util.Calendar|) , (|java.util.Calendar|) , 
(|java.util.Calendar|) , (|java.util.Calendar|) , (|java.util.Calendar|) , 
(|java.util.Calendar|) 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.AlarmClock.EXTRA_HOUR*

Bundle extra: The hour of the alarm. 

Used by (|android.provider.AlarmClock|) . 

This extra is optional. If not provided, an implementation should open an 
activity that allows a user to set an alarm with user provided time. 

The value is an (|java.lang.Integer|) and ranges from 0 to 23. 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.AlarmClock.EXTRA_LENGTH*

Bundle extra: The length of the timer in seconds. 

Used by (|android.provider.AlarmClock|) . 

This extra is optional. If not provided, an implementation should open an 
activity that allows a user to set a timer with user provided length. 

The value is an (|java.lang.Integer|) and ranges from 1 to 86400 (24 hours). 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.AlarmClock.EXTRA_MESSAGE*

Bundle extra: A custom message for the alarm or timer. 

Used by (|android.provider.AlarmClock|) and (|android.provider.AlarmClock|) . 

The value is a (|java.lang.String|) . 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.AlarmClock.EXTRA_MINUTES*

Bundle extra: The minutes of the alarm. 

Used by (|android.provider.AlarmClock|) . 

The value is an (|java.lang.Integer|) and ranges from 0 to 59. If not provided, 
it defaults to 0. 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.AlarmClock.EXTRA_RINGTONE*

Bundle extra: A ringtone to be played with this alarm. 

Used by (|android.provider.AlarmClock|) . 

This value is a (|java.lang.String|) and can either be set to 
(|android.provider.AlarmClock|) or to a content URI of the media to be played. 
If not specified or the URI doesn't 
exist,"content://settings/system/alarm_alertwill be used. 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.AlarmClock.EXTRA_SKIP_UI*

Bundle extra: Whether or not to display an activity after performing the 
action. 

Used by (|android.provider.AlarmClock|) and (|android.provider.AlarmClock|) . 

If true, the application is asked to bypass any intermediate UI. If false, the 
application may display intermediate UI like a confirmation dialog or settings. 

The value is a (|java.lang.Boolean|) . The default isfalse. 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.AlarmClock.EXTRA_VIBRATE*

Bundle extra: Whether or not to activate the device vibrator. 

Used by (|android.provider.AlarmClock|) . 

The value is a (|java.lang.Boolean|) . The default istrue. 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.AlarmClock.VALUE_RINGTONE_SILENT*

Bundle extra value: Indicates no ringtone should be played. 

Used by (|android.provider.AlarmClock|) , passed in through 
(|android.provider.AlarmClock|) . 



*android.provider.AlarmClock()*

public AlarmClock()




