*android.provider.SearchRecentSuggestions* *SearchRecentSuggestions* This is a u

public class SearchRecentSuggestions
  extends    |java.lang.Object|

|android.provider.SearchRecentSuggestions_Description|
|android.provider.SearchRecentSuggestions_Fields|
|android.provider.SearchRecentSuggestions_Constructors|
|android.provider.SearchRecentSuggestions_Methods|

================================================================================

*android.provider.SearchRecentSuggestions_Fields*
|java.lang.String[]_android.provider.SearchRecentSuggestions.QUERIES_PROJECTION_1LINE|
|java.lang.String[]_android.provider.SearchRecentSuggestions.QUERIES_PROJECTION_2LINE|
|int_android.provider.SearchRecentSuggestions.QUERIES_PROJECTION_DATE_INDEX|
|int_android.provider.SearchRecentSuggestions.QUERIES_PROJECTION_DISPLAY1_INDEX|
|int_android.provider.SearchRecentSuggestions.QUERIES_PROJECTION_DISPLAY2_INDEX|
|int_android.provider.SearchRecentSuggestions.QUERIES_PROJECTION_QUERY_INDEX|

*android.provider.SearchRecentSuggestions_Constructors*
|android.provider.SearchRecentSuggestions(Context,String,int)|Although provider

*android.provider.SearchRecentSuggestions_Methods*
|android.provider.SearchRecentSuggestions.clearHistory()|Completely delete the 
|android.provider.SearchRecentSuggestions.saveRecentQuery(String,String)|Add a 
|android.provider.SearchRecentSuggestions.truncateHistory(ContentResolver,int)|

*android.provider.SearchRecentSuggestions_Description*

This is a utility class providing access to 
(|android.content.SearchRecentSuggestionsProvider|) . 

Unlike some utility classes, this one must be instantiated and properly 
initialized, so that it can be configured to operate with the search 
suggestions provider that you have created. 

Typically, you will do this in your searchable activity, each time you receive 
an incoming ACTION_SEARCH(|android.content.Intent|) Intent. The code to record 
each incoming query is as follows: 

SearchSuggestions suggestions = new SearchSuggestions(this, 
MySuggestionsProvider.AUTHORITY, MySuggestionsProvider.MODE); 
suggestions.saveRecentQuery(queryString, null); 

For a working example, see SearchSuggestionSampleProvider and 
SearchQueryResults in samples/ApiDemos/app. 

Developer Guides For information about using search suggestions in your 
application, read the <a 
href="guide/topics/search/adding-recent-query-suggestions.html">Adding Recent 
Query Suggestions developer guide. 



*java.lang.String[]_android.provider.SearchRecentSuggestions.QUERIES_PROJECTION_1LINE*

This is the database projection that can be used to view saved queries, when 
configured for one-line operation. 


*java.lang.String[]_android.provider.SearchRecentSuggestions.QUERIES_PROJECTION_2LINE*

This is the database projection that can be used to view saved queries, when 
configured for two-line operation. 


*int_android.provider.SearchRecentSuggestions.QUERIES_PROJECTION_DATE_INDEX*

Index into the provided query projections. For use with Cursor.update methods. 


*int_android.provider.SearchRecentSuggestions.QUERIES_PROJECTION_DISPLAY1_INDEX*

Index into the provided query projections. For use with Cursor.update methods. 


*int_android.provider.SearchRecentSuggestions.QUERIES_PROJECTION_DISPLAY2_INDEX*

Index into the provided query projections. For use with Cursor.update methods. 


*int_android.provider.SearchRecentSuggestions.QUERIES_PROJECTION_QUERY_INDEX*

Index into the provided query projections. For use with Cursor.update methods. 



*android.provider.SearchRecentSuggestions(Context,String,int)*

public SearchRecentSuggestions(
  android.content.Context context,
  java.lang.String authority,
  int mode)

Although provider utility classes are typically static, this one must be 
constructed because it needs to be initialized using the same values that you 
provided in your (|android.content.SearchRecentSuggestionsProvider|) . 

    authority - This must match the authority that you've declared in your manifest. 
    mode - You can use mode flags here to determine certain functional aspects of your 
       database. Note, this value should not change from run to run, because 
       when it does change, your suggestions database may be wiped. 

*android.provider.SearchRecentSuggestions.clearHistory()*

public void clearHistory()

Completely delete the history. Use this call to implement a "clear history" UI. 

Any application that implements search suggestions based on previous actions 
(such as recent queries, page/items viewed, etc.) should provide a way for the 
user to clear the history. This gives the user a measure of privacy, if they do 
not wish for their recent searches to be replayed by other users of the device 
(via suggestions). 



*android.provider.SearchRecentSuggestions.saveRecentQuery(String,String)*

public void saveRecentQuery(
  java.lang.String queryString,
  java.lang.String line2)

Add a query to the recent queries list. Returns immediately, performing the 
save in the background. 


    queryString - The string as typed by the user. This string will be displayed as the 
       suggestion, and if the user clicks on the suggestion, this string will 
       be sent to your searchable activity (as a new search query). 
    line2 - If you have configured your recent suggestions provider with {@link 
       android.content.SearchRecentSuggestionsProvider#DATABASE_MODE_2LINES}, 
       you can pass a second line of text here. It will be shown in a smaller 
       font, below the primary suggestion. When typing, matches in either line 
       of text will be displayed in the list. If you did not configure two-line 
       mode, or if a given suggestion does not have any additional text to 
       display, you can pass null here. 

*android.provider.SearchRecentSuggestions.truncateHistory(ContentResolver,int)*

protected void truncateHistory(
  android.content.ContentResolver cr,
  int maxEntries)

Reduces the length of the history table, to prevent it from growing too large. 


    cr - Convenience copy of the content resolver. 
    maxEntries - Max entries to leave in the table. 0 means remove all entries. 


