*android.provider.ContactsContract.ContactsColumns* *ContactsContract.ContactsColumns* 

protected static interface interface ContactsContract.ContactsColumns


|android.provider.ContactsContract.ContactsColumns_Description|
|android.provider.ContactsContract.ContactsColumns_Fields|
|android.provider.ContactsContract.ContactsColumns_Constructors|
|android.provider.ContactsContract.ContactsColumns_Methods|

================================================================================

*android.provider.ContactsContract.ContactsColumns_Fields*
|java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.ContactsColumns.CONTACT_LAST_UPDATED_TIMESTAMP|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.ContactsColumns.DISPLAY_NAME|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.ContactsColumns.HAS_PHONE_NUMBER|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.ContactsColumns.IN_VISIBLE_GROUP|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.ContactsColumns.IS_USER_PROFILE|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.ContactsColumns.LOOKUP_KEY|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.ContactsColumns.NAME_RAW_CONTACT_ID|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.ContactsColumns.PHOTO_FILE_ID|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.ContactsColumns.PHOTO_ID|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.ContactsColumns.PHOTO_THUMBNAIL_URI|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.ContactsColumns.PHOTO_URI|

*android.provider.ContactsContract.ContactsColumns_Description*

Columns of (|android.provider.ContactsContract.Contacts|) that refer to 
intrinsic properties of the contact, as opposed to the user-specified options 
found in (|android.provider.ContactsContract.ContactOptionsColumns|) . 



*java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.ContactsColumns.CONTACT_LAST_UPDATED_TIMESTAMP*

Timestamp (milliseconds since epoch) of when this contact was last updated. 
This includes updates to all data associated with this contact including raw 
contacts. Any modification (including deletes and inserts) of underlying 
contact data are also reflected in this timestamp. 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.ContactsColumns.DISPLAY_NAME*

The display name for the contact. Type: TEXT 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.ContactsColumns.HAS_PHONE_NUMBER*

An indicator of whether this contact has at least one phone number. "1" if 
there is at least one phone number, "0" otherwise. Type: INTEGER 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.ContactsColumns.IN_VISIBLE_GROUP*

Flag that reflects the (|android.provider.ContactsContract.Groups|) state of 
any (|android.provider.ContactsContract.CommonDataKinds.GroupMembership|) for 
this contact. 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.ContactsColumns.IS_USER_PROFILE*

Flag that reflects whether this contact represents the user's personal profile 
entry. 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.ContactsColumns.LOOKUP_KEY*

An opaque value that contains hints on how to find the contact if its row id 
changed as a result of a sync or aggregation. 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.ContactsColumns.NAME_RAW_CONTACT_ID*

Reference to the row in the RawContacts table holding the contact name. Type: 
INTEGER REFERENCES raw_contacts(_id) 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.ContactsColumns.PHOTO_FILE_ID*

Photo file ID of the full-size photo. If present, this will be used to populate 
(|android.provider.ContactsContract.ContactsColumns|) . The ID can also be used 
with (|android.provider.ContactsContract.DisplayPhoto|) to create a URI to the 
photo. If this is present, 
(|android.provider.ContactsContract.ContactsColumns|) is also guaranteed to be 
populated. 

Type: INTEGER 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.ContactsColumns.PHOTO_ID*

Reference to the row in the data table holding the photo. A photo can be 
referred to either by ID (this field) or by URI (see 
(|android.provider.ContactsContract.ContactsColumns|) and 
(|android.provider.ContactsContract.ContactsColumns|) ). If PHOTO_ID is null, 
consult (|android.provider.ContactsContract.ContactsColumns|) or 
(|android.provider.ContactsContract.ContactsColumns|) , which is a more generic 
mechanism for referencing the contact photo, especially for contacts returned 
by non-local directories (see (|android.provider.ContactsContract.Directory|) 
). 

Type: INTEGER REFERENCES data(_id) 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.ContactsColumns.PHOTO_THUMBNAIL_URI*

A URI that can be used to retrieve a thumbnail of the contact's photo. A photo 
can be referred to either by a URI (this field or 
(|android.provider.ContactsContract.ContactsColumns|) ) or by ID (see 
(|android.provider.ContactsContract.ContactsColumns|) ). If PHOTO_ID is not 
null, PHOTO_URI and PHOTO_THUMBNAIL_URI shall not be null (but not necessarily 
vice versa). If the content provider does not differentiate between full-size 
photos and thumbnail photos, PHOTO_THUMBNAIL_URI and 
(|android.provider.ContactsContract.ContactsColumns|) can contain the same 
value, but either both shall be null or both not null. 

Type: TEXT 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.ContactsColumns.PHOTO_URI*

A URI that can be used to retrieve the contact's full-size photo. If 
PHOTO_FILE_ID is not null, this will be populated with a URI based off 
(|android.provider.ContactsContract.DisplayPhoto|) . Otherwise, this will be 
populated with the same value as 
(|android.provider.ContactsContract.ContactsColumns|) . A photo can be referred 
to either by a URI (this field) or by ID (see 
(|android.provider.ContactsContract.ContactsColumns|) ). If either 
PHOTO_FILE_ID or PHOTO_ID is not null, PHOTO_URI and PHOTO_THUMBNAIL_URI shall 
not be null (but not necessarily vice versa). Thus using PHOTO_URI is a more 
robust method of retrieving contact photos. 

Type: TEXT 



