*android.provider.ContactsContract.StatusUpdates* *ContactsContract.StatusUpdates* 

public static class ContactsContract.StatusUpdates
  extends    |java.lang.Object|
  implements |android.provider.ContactsContract.StatusColumns|
             |android.provider.ContactsContract.PresenceColumns|

|android.provider.ContactsContract.StatusUpdates_Description|
|android.provider.ContactsContract.StatusUpdates_Fields|
|android.provider.ContactsContract.StatusUpdates_Constructors|
|android.provider.ContactsContract.StatusUpdates_Methods|

================================================================================

*android.provider.ContactsContract.StatusUpdates_Fields*
|java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.StatusUpdates.CONTENT_ITEM_TYPE|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.StatusUpdates.CONTENT_TYPE|
|android.net.Uri_android.provider.ContactsContract.StatusUpdates.CONTENT_URI|
|android.net.Uri_android.provider.ContactsContract.StatusUpdates.PROFILE_CONTENT_URI|

*android.provider.ContactsContract.StatusUpdates_Methods*
|android.provider.ContactsContract.StatusUpdates.getPresenceIconResourceId(int)|
|android.provider.ContactsContract.StatusUpdates.getPresencePrecedence(int)|Ret

*android.provider.ContactsContract.StatusUpdates_Description*

A status update is linked to a (|android.provider.ContactsContract.Data|) row 
and captures the user's latest status update via the corresponding source, e.g. 
"Having lunch" via "Google Talk". 

There are two ways a status update can be inserted: by explicitly linking it to 
a Data row using (|android.provider.ContactsContract.StatusUpdates|) or 
indirectly linking it to a data row using a combination of 
(|android.provider.ContactsContract.StatusUpdates|) (or 
(|android.provider.ContactsContract.StatusUpdates|) ) and 
(|android.provider.ContactsContract.StatusUpdates|) . There is no difference 
between insert and update, you can use either. 

Inserting or updating a status update for the user's profile requires either 
using the (|android.provider.ContactsContract.StatusUpdates|) to identify the 
data row to attach the update to, or 
(|android.provider.ContactsContract.StatusUpdates|) to ensure that the change 
is scoped to the profile. 

You cannot use (|android.content.ContentResolver|) to change a status, but 
(|android.content.ContentResolver|) will replace the latests status if it 
already exists. 

Use (|android.content.ContentResolver|) to insert/update statuses for multiple 
contacts at once. 

Columns 

StatusUpdates 

long (|android.provider.ContactsContract.StatusUpdates|) read/write Reference 
to the (|android.provider.ContactsContract.Contacts.Data|) entry that owns this 
presence. If this field is not specified, the provider will attempt to find a 
data row that matches the (|android.provider.ContactsContract.StatusUpdates|) 
(or (|android.provider.ContactsContract.StatusUpdates|) ) and 
(|android.provider.ContactsContract.StatusUpdates|) columns. 



long (|android.provider.ContactsContract.StatusUpdates|) read/write See 
(|android.provider.ContactsContract.CommonDataKinds.Im|) for a list of defined 
protocol constants. 

String (|android.provider.ContactsContract.StatusUpdates|) read/write Name of 
the custom protocol. Should be supplied along with the 
(|android.provider.ContactsContract.StatusUpdates|) value 
(|android.provider.ContactsContract.CommonDataKinds.Im|) . Should be null or 
omitted if (|android.provider.ContactsContract.StatusUpdates|) value is not 
(|android.provider.ContactsContract.CommonDataKinds.Im|) . 

String (|android.provider.ContactsContract.StatusUpdates|) read/write The IM 
handle the presence item is for. The handle is scoped to 
(|android.provider.ContactsContract.StatusUpdates|) . 

String (|android.provider.ContactsContract.StatusUpdates|) read/write The IM 
account for the local user that the presence data came from. 

int (|android.provider.ContactsContract.StatusUpdates|) read/write Contact IM 
presence status. The allowed values are: 

(|android.provider.ContactsContract.StatusUpdates|) 
(|android.provider.ContactsContract.StatusUpdates|) 
(|android.provider.ContactsContract.StatusUpdates|) 
(|android.provider.ContactsContract.StatusUpdates|) 
(|android.provider.ContactsContract.StatusUpdates|) 
(|android.provider.ContactsContract.StatusUpdates|) 



Since presence status is inherently volatile, the content provider may choose 
not to store this field in long-term storage. 



int (|android.provider.ContactsContract.StatusUpdates|) read/write Contact IM 
chat compatibility value. The allowed values combinations of the following 
flags. If None of these flags is set, the device can only do text messaging. 

(|android.provider.ContactsContract.StatusUpdates|) 
(|android.provider.ContactsContract.StatusUpdates|) 
(|android.provider.ContactsContract.StatusUpdates|) 



Since chat compatibility is inherently volatile as the contact's availability 
moves from one device to another, the content provider may choose not to store 
this field in long-term storage. 



String (|android.provider.ContactsContract.StatusUpdates|) read/write Contact's 
latest status update, e.g. "having toast for breakfast" 

long (|android.provider.ContactsContract.StatusUpdates|) read/write The 
absolute time in milliseconds when the status was entered by the user. If this 
value is not provided, the provider will follow this logic: if there was no 
prior status update, the value will be left as null. If there was a prior 
status update, the provider will default this field to the current time. 

String (|android.provider.ContactsContract.StatusUpdates|) read/write The 
package containing resources for this status: label and icon. 

long (|android.provider.ContactsContract.StatusUpdates|) read/write The 
resource ID of the label describing the source of contact status, e.g. "Google 
Talk". This resource is scoped by the 
(|android.provider.ContactsContract.StatusUpdates|) . 

long (|android.provider.ContactsContract.StatusUpdates|) read/write The 
resource ID of the icon for the source of contact status. This resource is 
scoped by the (|android.provider.ContactsContract.StatusUpdates|) . 





*java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.StatusUpdates.CONTENT_ITEM_TYPE*

The MIME type of a (|android.provider.ContactsContract.StatusUpdates|) 
subdirectory of a single status update detail. 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.StatusUpdates.CONTENT_TYPE*

The MIME type of (|android.provider.ContactsContract.StatusUpdates|) providing 
a directory of status update details. 


*android.net.Uri_android.provider.ContactsContract.StatusUpdates.CONTENT_URI*

The content:// style URI for this table 


*android.net.Uri_android.provider.ContactsContract.StatusUpdates.PROFILE_CONTENT_URI*

The content:// style URI for this table, specific to the user's profile. 



*android.provider.ContactsContract.StatusUpdates.getPresenceIconResourceId(int)*

public static final int getPresenceIconResourceId(int status)

Gets the resource ID for the proper presence icon. 


    status - the status to get the icon for 

    Returns: the resource ID for the proper presence icon 

*android.provider.ContactsContract.StatusUpdates.getPresencePrecedence(int)*

public static final int getPresencePrecedence(int status)

Returns the precedence of the status code the higher number being the higher 
precedence. 


    status - The status code. 

    Returns: An integer representing the precedence, 0 being the lowest. 


