*android.app.backup.BackupAgentHelper* *BackupAgentHelper* A convenientBackupAge

public class BackupAgentHelper
  extends    |android.app.backup.BackupAgent|

|android.app.backup.BackupAgentHelper_Description|
|android.app.backup.BackupAgentHelper_Fields|
|android.app.backup.BackupAgentHelper_Constructors|
|android.app.backup.BackupAgentHelper_Methods|

================================================================================

*android.app.backup.BackupAgentHelper_Constructors*
|android.app.backup.BackupAgentHelper()|

*android.app.backup.BackupAgentHelper_Methods*
|android.app.backup.BackupAgentHelper.addHelper(String,BackupHelper)|Add a help
|android.app.backup.BackupAgentHelper.getDispatcher()|
|android.app.backup.BackupAgentHelper.onBackup(ParcelFileDescriptor,BackupDataOutput,ParcelFileDescriptor)|
|android.app.backup.BackupAgentHelper.onRestore(BackupDataInput,int,ParcelFileDescriptor)|

*android.app.backup.BackupAgentHelper_Description*

A convenient (|android.app.backup.BackupAgent|) wrapper class that 
automatically manages heterogeneous data sets within the backup data, each 
identified by a unique key prefix. When processing a backup or restore 
operation, the BackupAgentHelper dispatches to one or more installed 
(|android.app.backup.BackupHelper|) objects, each of which is responsible for a 
defined subset of the data being processed. 

An application will typically extend this class in its own backup agent. Then, 
within the agent's onCreate()(|android.app.backup.BackupAgent|) method, it will 
call addHelper()(|android.app.backup.BackupAgentHelper|) one or more times to 
install the handlers for each kind of data it wishes to manage within its 
backups. 

The Android framework currently provides two predefined 
(|android.app.backup.BackupHelper|) classes: 
(|android.app.backup.FileBackupHelper|) - Manages the backup and restore of 
entire files within an application's data directory hierarchy. 
(|android.app.backup.SharedPreferencesBackupHelper|) - Manages the backup and 
restore of an application's (|android.content.SharedPreferences|) data. 

An application can also implement its own helper classes to work within the 
(|android.app.backup.BackupAgentHelper|) framework. See the 
(|android.app.backup.BackupHelper|) interface documentation for details. 

Developer Guides For more information about using BackupAgentHelper, read the 
<a href="guide/topics/data/backup.html">Data Backup developer guide. 



*android.app.backup.BackupAgentHelper()*

public BackupAgentHelper()




*android.app.backup.BackupAgentHelper.addHelper(String,BackupHelper)*

public void addHelper(
  java.lang.String keyPrefix,
  android.app.backup.BackupHelper helper)

Add a helper for a given data subset to the agent's configuration. Each helper 
must have a prefix string that is unique within this backup agent's set of 
helpers. 


    keyPrefix - A string used to disambiguate the various helpers within this agent 
    helper - A backup/restore helper object to be invoked during backup and restore 
       operations. 

*android.app.backup.BackupAgentHelper.getDispatcher()*

public |android.app.backup.BackupHelperDispatcher| getDispatcher()





*android.app.backup.BackupAgentHelper.onBackup(ParcelFileDescriptor,BackupDataOutput,ParcelFileDescriptor)*

public void onBackup(
  android.os.ParcelFileDescriptor oldState,
  android.app.backup.BackupDataOutput data,
  android.os.ParcelFileDescriptor newState)
  throws |java.io.IOException|
         
Run the backup process on each of the configured handlers. 



*android.app.backup.BackupAgentHelper.onRestore(BackupDataInput,int,ParcelFileDescriptor)*

public void onRestore(
  android.app.backup.BackupDataInput data,
  int appVersionCode,
  android.os.ParcelFileDescriptor newState)
  throws |java.io.IOException|
         
Run the restore process on each of the configured handlers. 




