*android.support.v7.media.MediaSessionStatus* *MediaSessionStatus* Describes the

public final class MediaSessionStatus
  extends    |java.lang.Object|

|android.support.v7.media.MediaSessionStatus_Description|
|android.support.v7.media.MediaSessionStatus_Fields|
|android.support.v7.media.MediaSessionStatus_Constructors|
|android.support.v7.media.MediaSessionStatus_Methods|

================================================================================

*android.support.v7.media.MediaSessionStatus_Fields*
|int_android.support.v7.media.MediaSessionStatus.SESSION_STATE_ACTIVE|
|int_android.support.v7.media.MediaSessionStatus.SESSION_STATE_ENDED|
|int_android.support.v7.media.MediaSessionStatus.SESSION_STATE_INVALIDATED|

*android.support.v7.media.MediaSessionStatus_Methods*
|android.support.v7.media.MediaSessionStatus.asBundle()|Converts this object to
|android.support.v7.media.MediaSessionStatus.fromBundle(Bundle)|Creates an inst
|android.support.v7.media.MediaSessionStatus.getExtras()|Gets a bundle of extra
|android.support.v7.media.MediaSessionStatus.getSessionState()|Gets the session
|android.support.v7.media.MediaSessionStatus.getTimestamp()|Gets the timestamp 
|android.support.v7.media.MediaSessionStatus.isQueuePaused()|Returns true if th
|android.support.v7.media.MediaSessionStatus.toString()|

*android.support.v7.media.MediaSessionStatus_Description*

Describes the playback status of a media session. 

This class is part of the remote playback protocol described by the 
MediaControlIntent(|android.support.v7.media.MediaControlIntent|) class. 

When a media session is created, it is initially in the 
active(|android.support.v7.media.MediaSessionStatus|) state. When the media 
session ends normally, it transitions to the 
ended(|android.support.v7.media.MediaSessionStatus|) state. If the media 
session is invalidated due to another session forcibly taking control of the 
route, then it transitions to the 
invalidated(|android.support.v7.media.MediaSessionStatus|) state. Refer to the 
documentation of each state for an explanation of its meaning. 

To monitor session status, the application should supply a (|PendingIntent|) to 
use as the session status update 
receiver(|android.support.v7.media.MediaControlIntent|) for a given session 
start request(|android.support.v7.media.MediaControlIntent|) . 

This object is immutable once created using a 
(|android.support.v7.media.MediaSessionStatus.Builder|) instance. 



*int_android.support.v7.media.MediaSessionStatus.SESSION_STATE_ACTIVE*

Session state: Active. 

Indicates that the media session is active and in control of the route. 


*int_android.support.v7.media.MediaSessionStatus.SESSION_STATE_ENDED*

Session state: Ended. 

Indicates that the media session was ended normally using the end 
session(|android.support.v7.media.MediaControlIntent|) action. 

A terminated media session cannot be used anymore. To play more media, the 
application must start a new session. 


*int_android.support.v7.media.MediaSessionStatus.SESSION_STATE_INVALIDATED*

Session state: Invalidated. 

Indicates that the media session was invalidated involuntarily due to another 
session taking control of the route. 

An invalidated media session cannot be used anymore. To play more media, the 
application must start a new session. 



*android.support.v7.media.MediaSessionStatus.asBundle()*

public Bundle asBundle()

Converts this object to a bundle for serialization. 



    Returns: The contents of the object represented as a bundle. 

*android.support.v7.media.MediaSessionStatus.fromBundle(Bundle)*

public static |android.support.v7.media.MediaSessionStatus| fromBundle(Bundle bundle)

Creates an instance from a bundle. 


    bundle - The bundle, or null if none. 

    Returns: The new instance, or null if the bundle was null. 

*android.support.v7.media.MediaSessionStatus.getExtras()*

public Bundle getExtras()

Gets a bundle of extras for this status object. The extras will be ignored by 
the media router but they may be used by applications. 



*android.support.v7.media.MediaSessionStatus.getSessionState()*

public int getSessionState()

Gets the session state. 



    Returns: The session state. One of {@link #SESSION_STATE_ACTIVE}, {@link 
             #SESSION_STATE_ENDED}, or {@link #SESSION_STATE_INVALIDATED}. 

*android.support.v7.media.MediaSessionStatus.getTimestamp()*

public long getTimestamp()

Gets the timestamp associated with the status information in milliseconds since 
boot in the (|SystemClock|) time base. 



    Returns: The status timestamp in the {@link SystemClock#elapsedRealtime()} time base. 

*android.support.v7.media.MediaSessionStatus.isQueuePaused()*

public boolean isQueuePaused()

Returns true if the session's queue is paused. 



    Returns: True if the session's queue is paused. 

*android.support.v7.media.MediaSessionStatus.toString()*

public |java.lang.String| toString()






