*android.widget.Spinner* *Spinner* A view that displays one child at a time and 

public class Spinner
  extends    |android.widget.AbsSpinner|
  implements |android.content.DialogInterface.OnClickListener|

|android.widget.Spinner_Description|
|android.widget.Spinner_Fields|
|android.widget.Spinner_Constructors|
|android.widget.Spinner_Methods|

================================================================================

*android.widget.Spinner_Fields*
|int_android.widget.Spinner.MODE_DIALOG|
|int_android.widget.Spinner.MODE_DROPDOWN|

*android.widget.Spinner_Constructors*
|android.widget.Spinner(Context)|Construct a new spinner with the given context
|android.widget.Spinner(Context,AttributeSet)|Construct a new spinner with the 
|android.widget.Spinner(Context,AttributeSet,int)|Construct a new spinner with 
|android.widget.Spinner(Context,AttributeSet,int,int)|Construct a new spinner w
|android.widget.Spinner(Context,int)|Construct a new spinner with the given con

*android.widget.Spinner_Methods*
|android.widget.Spinner.getBaseline()|
|android.widget.Spinner.getDropDownHorizontalOffset()|Get the configured horizo
|android.widget.Spinner.getDropDownVerticalOffset()|Get the configured vertical
|android.widget.Spinner.getDropDownWidth()|Get the configured width of the spin
|android.widget.Spinner.getGravity()|Describes how the selected item view is po
|android.widget.Spinner.getPopupBackground()|Get the background drawable for th
|android.widget.Spinner.getPrompt()|
|android.widget.Spinner.onClick(DialogInterface,int)|
|android.widget.Spinner.onDetachedFromWindow()|
|android.widget.Spinner.onInitializeAccessibilityEvent(AccessibilityEvent)|
|android.widget.Spinner.onInitializeAccessibilityNodeInfo(AccessibilityNodeInfo)|
|android.widget.Spinner.onLayout(boolean,int,int,int,int)|
|android.widget.Spinner.onMeasure(int,int)|
|android.widget.Spinner.onRestoreInstanceState(Parcelable)|
|android.widget.Spinner.onSaveInstanceState()|
|android.widget.Spinner.onTouchEvent(MotionEvent)|
|android.widget.Spinner.performClick()|
|android.widget.Spinner.setAdapter(SpinnerAdapter)|Sets the Adapter used to pro
|android.widget.Spinner.setDropDownHorizontalOffset(int)|Set a horizontal offse
|android.widget.Spinner.setDropDownVerticalOffset(int)|Set a vertical offset in
|android.widget.Spinner.setDropDownWidth(int)|Set the width of the spinner's po
|android.widget.Spinner.setEnabled(boolean)|
|android.widget.Spinner.setGravity(int)|Describes how the selected item view is
|android.widget.Spinner.setOnItemClickListener(AdapterView.OnItemClickListener)|
|android.widget.Spinner.setOnItemClickListenerInt(AdapterView.OnItemClickListener)|
|android.widget.Spinner.setPopupBackgroundDrawable(Drawable)|Set the background
|android.widget.Spinner.setPopupBackgroundResource(int)|Set the background draw
|android.widget.Spinner.setPrompt(CharSequence)|Sets the prompt to display when
|android.widget.Spinner.setPromptId(int)|Sets the prompt to display when the di

*android.widget.Spinner_Description*

A view that displays one child at a time and lets the user pick among them. The 
items in the Spinner come from the (|android.widget.Adapter|) associated with 
this view. 

See the <a href="guide/topics/ui/controls/spinner.html">Spinners guide. 



*int_android.widget.Spinner.MODE_DIALOG*

Use a dialog window for selecting spinner options. 


*int_android.widget.Spinner.MODE_DROPDOWN*

Use a dropdown anchored to the Spinner for selecting spinner options. 



*android.widget.Spinner(Context)*

public Spinner(android.content.Context context)

Construct a new spinner with the given context's theme. 

    context - The Context the view is running in, through which it can access the current 
       theme, resources, etc. 

*android.widget.Spinner(Context,AttributeSet)*

public Spinner(
  android.content.Context context,
  android.util.AttributeSet attrs)

Construct a new spinner with the given context's theme and the supplied 
attribute set. 

    context - The Context the view is running in, through which it can access the current 
       theme, resources, etc. 
    attrs - The attributes of the XML tag that is inflating the view. 

*android.widget.Spinner(Context,AttributeSet,int)*

public Spinner(
  android.content.Context context,
  android.util.AttributeSet attrs,
  int defStyle)

Construct a new spinner with the given context's theme, the supplied attribute 
set, and default style. 

    context - The Context the view is running in, through which it can access the current 
       theme, resources, etc. 
    attrs - The attributes of the XML tag that is inflating the view. 
    defStyle - The default style to apply to this view. If 0, no style will be applied (beyond 
       what is included in the theme). This may either be an attribute 
       resource, whose value will be retrieved from the current theme, or an 
       explicit style resource. 

*android.widget.Spinner(Context,AttributeSet,int,int)*

public Spinner(
  android.content.Context context,
  android.util.AttributeSet attrs,
  int defStyle,
  int mode)

Construct a new spinner with the given context's theme, the supplied attribute 
set, and default style. mode may be one of (|android.widget.Spinner|) or 
(|android.widget.Spinner|) and determines how the user will select choices from 
the spinner. 

    context - The Context the view is running in, through which it can access the current 
       theme, resources, etc. 
    attrs - The attributes of the XML tag that is inflating the view. 
    defStyle - The default style to apply to this view. If 0, no style will be applied (beyond 
       what is included in the theme). This may either be an attribute 
       resource, whose value will be retrieved from the current theme, or an 
       explicit style resource. 
    mode - Constant describing how the user will select choices from the spinner. 

*android.widget.Spinner(Context,int)*

public Spinner(
  android.content.Context context,
  int mode)

Construct a new spinner with the given context's theme and the supplied mode of 
displaying choices. mode may be one of (|android.widget.Spinner|) or 
(|android.widget.Spinner|) . 

    context - The Context the view is running in, through which it can access the current 
       theme, resources, etc. 
    mode - Constant describing how the user will select choices from the spinner. 

*android.widget.Spinner.getBaseline()*

public int getBaseline()





*android.widget.Spinner.getDropDownHorizontalOffset()*

public int getDropDownHorizontalOffset()

Get the configured horizontal offset in pixels for the spinner's popup window 
of choices. Only valid in (|android.widget.Spinner|) ; other modes will return 
0. 



    Returns: Horizontal offset in pixels 

*android.widget.Spinner.getDropDownVerticalOffset()*

public int getDropDownVerticalOffset()

Get the configured vertical offset in pixels for the spinner's popup window of 
choices. Only valid in (|android.widget.Spinner|) ; other modes will return 0. 



    Returns: Vertical offset in pixels 

*android.widget.Spinner.getDropDownWidth()*

public int getDropDownWidth()

Get the configured width of the spinner's popup window of choices in pixels. 
The returned value may also be (|android.view.ViewGroup.LayoutParams|) meaning 
the popup window will match the width of the Spinner itself, or 
(|android.view.ViewGroup.LayoutParams|) to wrap to the measured size of 
contained dropdown list items. 



    Returns: Width in pixels, WRAP_CONTENT, or MATCH_PARENT 

*android.widget.Spinner.getGravity()*

public int getGravity()

Describes how the selected item view is positioned. The default is determined 
by the current theme. 



    Returns: A {@link android.view.Gravity Gravity} value 

*android.widget.Spinner.getPopupBackground()*

public Drawable getPopupBackground()

Get the background drawable for the spinner's popup window of choices. Only 
valid in (|android.widget.Spinner|) ; other modes will return null. 



    Returns: background Background drawable 

*android.widget.Spinner.getPrompt()*

public |java.lang.CharSequence| getPrompt()





    Returns: The prompt to display when the dialog is shown 

*android.widget.Spinner.onClick(DialogInterface,int)*

public void onClick(
  android.content.DialogInterface dialog,
  int which)





*android.widget.Spinner.onDetachedFromWindow()*

protected void onDetachedFromWindow()





*android.widget.Spinner.onInitializeAccessibilityEvent(AccessibilityEvent)*

public void onInitializeAccessibilityEvent(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent event)





*android.widget.Spinner.onInitializeAccessibilityNodeInfo(AccessibilityNodeInfo)*

public void onInitializeAccessibilityNodeInfo(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfo info)





*android.widget.Spinner.onLayout(boolean,int,int,int,int)*

protected void onLayout(
  boolean changed,
  int l,
  int t,
  int r,
  int b)





*android.widget.Spinner.onMeasure(int,int)*

protected void onMeasure(
  int widthMeasureSpec,
  int heightMeasureSpec)





*android.widget.Spinner.onRestoreInstanceState(Parcelable)*

public void onRestoreInstanceState(android.os.Parcelable state)





*android.widget.Spinner.onSaveInstanceState()*

public |android.os.Parcelable| onSaveInstanceState()





*android.widget.Spinner.onTouchEvent(MotionEvent)*

public boolean onTouchEvent(android.view.MotionEvent event)





*android.widget.Spinner.performClick()*

public boolean performClick()





*android.widget.Spinner.setAdapter(SpinnerAdapter)*

public void setAdapter(android.widget.SpinnerAdapter adapter)

Sets the Adapter used to provide the data which backs this Spinner. 

Note that Spinner overrides (|android.widget.Adapter|) on the Adapter 
associated with this view. Calling 
getItemViewType(int)(|android.widget.Adapter|) on the object returned from 
(|android.widget.Spinner|) will always return 0. Calling 
getViewTypeCount()(|android.widget.Adapter|) will always return 1. 



*android.widget.Spinner.setDropDownHorizontalOffset(int)*

public void setDropDownHorizontalOffset(int pixels)

Set a horizontal offset in pixels for the spinner's popup window of choices. 
Only valid in (|android.widget.Spinner|) ; this method is a no-op in other 
modes. 


    pixels - Horizontal offset in pixels 

*android.widget.Spinner.setDropDownVerticalOffset(int)*

public void setDropDownVerticalOffset(int pixels)

Set a vertical offset in pixels for the spinner's popup window of choices. Only 
valid in (|android.widget.Spinner|) ; this method is a no-op in other modes. 


    pixels - Vertical offset in pixels 

*android.widget.Spinner.setDropDownWidth(int)*

public void setDropDownWidth(int pixels)

Set the width of the spinner's popup window of choices in pixels. This value 
may also be set to (|android.view.ViewGroup.LayoutParams|) to match the width 
of the Spinner itself, or (|android.view.ViewGroup.LayoutParams|) to wrap to 
the measured size of contained dropdown list items. 

Only valid in (|android.widget.Spinner|) ; this method is a no-op in other 
modes. 


    pixels - Width in pixels, WRAP_CONTENT, or MATCH_PARENT 

*android.widget.Spinner.setEnabled(boolean)*

public void setEnabled(boolean enabled)





*android.widget.Spinner.setGravity(int)*

public void setGravity(int gravity)

Describes how the selected item view is positioned. Currently only the 
horizontal component is used. The default is determined by the current theme. 


    gravity - See {@link android.view.Gravity} 

*android.widget.Spinner.setOnItemClickListener(AdapterView.OnItemClickListener)*

public void setOnItemClickListener(android.widget.AdapterView.OnItemClickListener l)

A spinner does not support item click events. Calling this method will raise an 
exception. Instead use (|android.widget.AdapterView|) . 


    l - this listener will be ignored 

*android.widget.Spinner.setOnItemClickListenerInt(AdapterView.OnItemClickListener)*

public void setOnItemClickListenerInt(android.widget.AdapterView.OnItemClickListener l)





*android.widget.Spinner.setPopupBackgroundDrawable(Drawable)*

public void setPopupBackgroundDrawable(Drawable background)

Set the background drawable for the spinner's popup window of choices. Only 
valid in (|android.widget.Spinner|) ; this method is a no-op in other modes. 


    background - Background drawable 

*android.widget.Spinner.setPopupBackgroundResource(int)*

public void setPopupBackgroundResource(int resId)

Set the background drawable for the spinner's popup window of choices. Only 
valid in (|android.widget.Spinner|) ; this method is a no-op in other modes. 


    resId - Resource ID of a background drawable 

*android.widget.Spinner.setPrompt(CharSequence)*

public void setPrompt(java.lang.CharSequence prompt)

Sets the prompt to display when the dialog is shown. 


    prompt - the prompt to set 

*android.widget.Spinner.setPromptId(int)*

public void setPromptId(int promptId)

Sets the prompt to display when the dialog is shown. 


    promptId - the resource ID of the prompt to display when the dialog is shown 


