*android.view.ViewGroup.MarginLayoutParams* *ViewGroup.MarginLayoutParams* Per-c

public static class ViewGroup.MarginLayoutParams
  extends    |android.view.ViewGroup.LayoutParams|

|android.view.ViewGroup.MarginLayoutParams_Description|
|android.view.ViewGroup.MarginLayoutParams_Fields|
|android.view.ViewGroup.MarginLayoutParams_Constructors|
|android.view.ViewGroup.MarginLayoutParams_Methods|

================================================================================

*android.view.ViewGroup.MarginLayoutParams_Fields*
|int_android.view.ViewGroup.MarginLayoutParams.bottomMargin|
|int_android.view.ViewGroup.MarginLayoutParams.DEFAULT_MARGIN_RELATIVE|
|int_android.view.ViewGroup.MarginLayoutParams.leftMargin|
|int_android.view.ViewGroup.MarginLayoutParams.rightMargin|
|int_android.view.ViewGroup.MarginLayoutParams.topMargin|

*android.view.ViewGroup.MarginLayoutParams_Constructors*
|android.view.ViewGroup.MarginLayoutParams(Context,AttributeSet)|Creates a new 
|android.view.ViewGroup.MarginLayoutParams(int,int)|
|android.view.ViewGroup.MarginLayoutParams(ViewGroup.LayoutParams)|
|android.view.ViewGroup.MarginLayoutParams(ViewGroup.MarginLayoutParams)|Copy c

*android.view.ViewGroup.MarginLayoutParams_Methods*
|android.view.ViewGroup.MarginLayoutParams.getLayoutDirection()|Retuns the layo
|android.view.ViewGroup.MarginLayoutParams.getMarginEnd()|Returns the end margi
|android.view.ViewGroup.MarginLayoutParams.getMarginStart()|Returns the start m
|android.view.ViewGroup.MarginLayoutParams.isLayoutRtl()|
|android.view.ViewGroup.MarginLayoutParams.isMarginRelative()|Check if margins 
|android.view.ViewGroup.MarginLayoutParams.onDebugDraw(View,Canvas,Paint)|
|android.view.ViewGroup.MarginLayoutParams.resolveLayoutDirection(int)|This wil
|android.view.ViewGroup.MarginLayoutParams.setLayoutDirection(int)|Set the layo
|android.view.ViewGroup.MarginLayoutParams.setMarginEnd(int)|Sets the relative 
|android.view.ViewGroup.MarginLayoutParams.setMargins(int,int,int,int)|Sets the
|android.view.ViewGroup.MarginLayoutParams.setMarginsRelative(int,int,int,int)|
|android.view.ViewGroup.MarginLayoutParams.setMarginStart(int)|Sets the relativ

*android.view.ViewGroup.MarginLayoutParams_Description*

Per-child layout information for layouts that support margins. See ViewGroup 
Margin Layout Attributes(|android.R.styleable|) for a list of all child view 
attributes that this class supports. 



*int_android.view.ViewGroup.MarginLayoutParams.bottomMargin*

The bottom margin in pixels of the child. Call (|android.view.ViewGroup|) after 
reassigning a new value to this field. 


*int_android.view.ViewGroup.MarginLayoutParams.DEFAULT_MARGIN_RELATIVE*

The default start and end margin. 


*int_android.view.ViewGroup.MarginLayoutParams.leftMargin*

The left margin in pixels of the child. Call (|android.view.ViewGroup|) after 
reassigning a new value to this field. 


*int_android.view.ViewGroup.MarginLayoutParams.rightMargin*

The right margin in pixels of the child. Call (|android.view.ViewGroup|) after 
reassigning a new value to this field. 


*int_android.view.ViewGroup.MarginLayoutParams.topMargin*

The top margin in pixels of the child. Call (|android.view.ViewGroup|) after 
reassigning a new value to this field. 



*android.view.ViewGroup.MarginLayoutParams(Context,AttributeSet)*

public ViewGroup.MarginLayoutParams(
  android.content.Context c,
  android.util.AttributeSet attrs)

Creates a new set of layout parameters. The values are extracted from the 
supplied attributes set and context. 

    c - the application environment 
    attrs - the set of attributes from which to extract the layout parameters' values 

*android.view.ViewGroup.MarginLayoutParams(int,int)*

public ViewGroup.MarginLayoutParams(
  int width,
  int height)




*android.view.ViewGroup.MarginLayoutParams(ViewGroup.LayoutParams)*

public ViewGroup.MarginLayoutParams(android.view.ViewGroup.LayoutParams source)




*android.view.ViewGroup.MarginLayoutParams(ViewGroup.MarginLayoutParams)*

public ViewGroup.MarginLayoutParams(android.view.ViewGroup.MarginLayoutParams source)

Copy constructor. Clones the width, height and margin values of the source. 

    source - The layout params to copy from. 

*android.view.ViewGroup.MarginLayoutParams.getLayoutDirection()*

public int getLayoutDirection()

Retuns the layout direction. Can be either (|android.view.View|) or 
(|android.view.View|) . 



    Returns: the layout direction. 

*android.view.ViewGroup.MarginLayoutParams.getMarginEnd()*

public int getMarginEnd()

Returns the end margin in pixels. 



    Returns: the end margin in pixels. 

*android.view.ViewGroup.MarginLayoutParams.getMarginStart()*

public int getMarginStart()

Returns the start margin in pixels. 



    Returns: the start margin in pixels. 

*android.view.ViewGroup.MarginLayoutParams.isLayoutRtl()*

public boolean isLayoutRtl()





*android.view.ViewGroup.MarginLayoutParams.isMarginRelative()*

public boolean isMarginRelative()

Check if margins are relative. 



    Returns: true if either marginStart or marginEnd has been set. 

*android.view.ViewGroup.MarginLayoutParams.onDebugDraw(View,Canvas,Paint)*

public void onDebugDraw(
  android.view.View view,
  Canvas canvas,
  Paint paint)





*android.view.ViewGroup.MarginLayoutParams.resolveLayoutDirection(int)*

public void resolveLayoutDirection(int layoutDirection)

This will be called by (|android.view.View|) . Left and Right margins may be 
overridden depending on layout direction. 



*android.view.ViewGroup.MarginLayoutParams.setLayoutDirection(int)*

public void setLayoutDirection(int layoutDirection)

Set the layout direction 


    layoutDirection - the layout direction. Should be either {@link View#LAYOUT_DIRECTION_LTR} or 
       {@link View#LAYOUT_DIRECTION_RTL}. 

*android.view.ViewGroup.MarginLayoutParams.setMarginEnd(int)*

public void setMarginEnd(int end)

Sets the relative end margin. 


    end - the end margin size 

*android.view.ViewGroup.MarginLayoutParams.setMargins(int,int,int,int)*

public void setMargins(
  int left,
  int top,
  int right,
  int bottom)

Sets the margins, in pixels. A call to (|android.view.View|) needs to be done 
so that the new margins are taken into account. Left and right margins may be 
overriden by (|android.view.View|) depending on layout direction. 


    left - the left margin size 
    top - the top margin size 
    right - the right margin size 
    bottom - the bottom margin size 

*android.view.ViewGroup.MarginLayoutParams.setMarginsRelative(int,int,int,int)*

public void setMarginsRelative(
  int start,
  int top,
  int end,
  int bottom)

Sets the relative margins, in pixels. A call to (|android.view.View|) needs to 
be done so that the new relative margins are taken into account. Left and right 
margins may be overriden by (|android.view.View|) depending on layout 
direction. 


    start - the start margin size 
    top - the top margin size 
    end - the right margin size 
    bottom - the bottom margin size 

*android.view.ViewGroup.MarginLayoutParams.setMarginStart(int)*

public void setMarginStart(int start)

Sets the relative start margin. 


    start - the start margin size 


