*android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout* *GridLayout* A layout that places its chi

public class GridLayout
  extends    |android.view.ViewGroup|

|android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout_Description|
|android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout_Fields|
|android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout_Constructors|
|android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout_Methods|

================================================================================

*android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout_Fields*
|int_android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout.ALIGN_BOUNDS|
|int_android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout.ALIGN_MARGINS|
|android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout.Alignment_android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout.BASELINE|
|android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout.Alignment_android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout.BOTTOM|
|android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout.Alignment_android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout.CENTER|
|android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout.Alignment_android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout.END|
|android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout.Alignment_android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout.FILL|
|int_android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout.HORIZONTAL|
|android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout.Alignment_android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout.LEFT|
|android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout.Alignment_android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout.RIGHT|
|android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout.Alignment_android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout.START|
|android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout.Alignment_android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout.TOP|
|int_android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout.UNDEFINED|
|int_android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout.VERTICAL|

*android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout_Constructors*
|android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout(Context)|
|android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout(Context,AttributeSet)|
|android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout(Context,AttributeSet,int)|

*android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout_Methods*
|android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout.checkLayoutParams(ViewGroup.LayoutParams)|
|android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout.generateDefaultLayoutParams()|
|android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout.generateLayoutParams(AttributeSet)|
|android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout.generateLayoutParams(ViewGroup.LayoutParams)|
|android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout.getAlignmentMode()|Returns the alignment 
|android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout.getColumnCount()|Returns the current numb
|android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout.getOrientation()|Returns the current orie
|android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout.getPrinter()|Return the printer that will
|android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout.getRowCount()|Returns the current number 
|android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout.getUseDefaultMargins()|Returns whether or
|android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout.isColumnOrderPreserved()|Returns whether 
|android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout.isRowOrderPreserved()|Returns whether or 
|android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout.onLayout(boolean,int,int,int,int)|
|android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout.onMeasure(int,int)|
|android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout.requestLayout()|
|android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout.setAlignmentMode(int)|Sets the alignment 
|android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout.setColumnCount(int)|ColumnCount is used o
|android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout.setColumnOrderPreserved(boolean)|When thi
|android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout.setOrientation(int)|GridLayout uses the o
|android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout.setPrinter(Printer)|Set the printer that 
|android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout.setRowCount(int)|RowCount is used only to
|android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout.setRowOrderPreserved(boolean)|When this p
|android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout.setUseDefaultMargins(boolean)|Whentrue, G
|android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout.spec(int)|Return a Spec,spec, where:     
|android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout.spec(int,GridLayout.Alignment)|Return a S
|android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout.spec(int,int)|Return a Spec,spec, where: 
|android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout.spec(int,int,GridLayout.Alignment)|Return

*android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout_Description*

A layout that places its children in a rectangular grid. 

The grid is composed of a set of infinitely thin lines that separate the 
viewing area into cells. Throughout the API, grid lines are referenced by grid 
indices. A grid withNcolumns hasN + 1grid indices that run 
from0throughNinclusive. Regardless of how GridLayout is configured, grid 
index0is fixed to the leading edge of the container and grid indexNis fixed to 
its trailing edge (after padding is taken into account). 

Row and Column Specs 

Children occupy one or more contiguous cells, as defined by their 
rowSpec(|android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout.LayoutParams|) and 
columnSpec(|android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout.LayoutParams|) layout 
parameters. Each spec defines the set of rows or columns that are to be 
occupied; and how children should be aligned within the resulting group of 
cells. Although cells do not normally overlap in a GridLayout, GridLayout does 
not prevent children being defined to occupy the same cell or group of cells. 
In this case however, there is no guarantee that children will not themselves 
overlap after the layout operation completes. 

Default Cell Assignment 

If a child does not specify the row and column indices of the cell it wishes to 
occupy, GridLayout assigns cell locations automatically using its: 
orientation(|android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout|) , 
rowCount(|android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout|) and 
columnCount(|android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout|) properties. 

Space 

Space between children may be specified either by using instances of the 
dedicated (|android.support.v7.widget.Space|) view or by setting the 
leftMargin(|ViewGroup.MarginLayoutParams|) , 
topMargin(|ViewGroup.MarginLayoutParams|) , 
rightMargin(|ViewGroup.MarginLayoutParams|) and 
bottomMargin(|ViewGroup.MarginLayoutParams|) layout parameters. When the 
useDefaultMargins(|android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout|) property is set, 
default margins around children are automatically allocated based on the 
prevailing UI style guide for the platform. Each of the margins so defined may 
be independently overridden by an assignment to the appropriate layout 
parameter. Default values will generally produce a reasonable spacing between 
components but values may change between different releases of the platform. 

Excess Space Distribution 

GridLayout's distribution of excess space is based on priority rather than 
weight. 

A child's ability to stretch is inferred from the alignment properties of its 
row and column groups (which are typically set by setting the 
gravity(|android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout.LayoutParams|) property of the 
child's layout parameters). If alignment was defined along a given axis then 
the component is taken as flexible in that direction. If no alignment was set, 
the component is instead assumed to be inflexible. 

Multiple components in the same row or column group are considered to act in 
parallel. Such a group is flexible only if all of the components within it are 
flexible. Row and column groups that sit either side of a common boundary are 
instead considered to act in series. The composite group made of these two 
elements is flexible if one of its elements is flexible. 

To make a column stretch, make sure all of the components inside it define a 
gravity. To prevent a column from stretching, ensure that one of the components 
in the column does not define a gravity. 

When the principle of flexibility does not provide complete disambiguation, 
GridLayout's algorithms favour rows and columns that are closer to its right 
and bottom edges. 

Interpretation of GONE 

For layout purposes, GridLayout treats views whose visibility status is 
GONE(|View|) , as having zero width and height. This is subtly different from 
the policy of ignoring views that are marked as GONE outright. If, for example, 
a gone-marked view was alone in a column, that column would itself collapse to 
zero width if and only if no gravity was defined on the view. If gravity was 
defined, then the gone-marked view has no effect on the layout and the 
container should be laid out as if the view had never been added to it. These 
statements apply equally to rows as well as columns, and to groups of rows or 
columns. 

Limitations 

GridLayout does not provide support for the principle of weight, as defined in 
(|LinearLayout.LayoutParams|) . In general, it is not therefore possible to 
configure a GridLayout to distribute excess space between multiple components. 

Some common use-cases may nevertheless be accommodated as follows. To place 
equal amounts of space around a component in a cell group; use 
(|android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout|) alignment (or 
gravity(|android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout.LayoutParams|) ). For complete 
control over excess space distribution in a row or column; use a 
(|LinearLayout|) subview to hold the components in the associated cell group. 
When using either of these techniques, bear in mind that cell groups may be 
defined to overlap. 

See (|android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout.LayoutParams|) for a full 
description of the layout parameters used by GridLayout. 



*int_android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout.ALIGN_BOUNDS*

This constant is an alignmentMode(|android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout|) . 
When thealignmentModeis set to (|android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout|) , 
alignment is made between the edges of each component's raw view boundary: i.e. 
the area delimited by the component's: top(|android.view.View|) , 
left(|android.view.View|) , bottom(|android.view.View|) and 
right(|android.view.View|) properties. 

For example, whenGridLayoutis in (|android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout|) mode, 
children that belong to a row group that uses 
(|android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout|) alignment will all return the same 
value when their (|android.view.View|) method is called. 


*int_android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout.ALIGN_MARGINS*

This constant is an alignmentMode(|android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout|) . 
When thealignmentModeis set to (|android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout|) , the 
bounds of each view are extended outwards, according to their margins, before 
the edges of the resulting rectangle are aligned. 

For example, whenGridLayoutis in (|android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout|) mode, 
the quantitytop - layoutParams.topMarginis the same for all children that 
belong to a row group that uses (|android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout|) 
alignment. 


*android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout.Alignment_android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout.BASELINE*

Indicates that a view should be aligned with the baselines of the other views 
in its cell group. This constant may only be used as an alignment in 
rowSpecs(|android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout.LayoutParams|) . 


*android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout.Alignment_android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout.BOTTOM*

Indicates that a view should be aligned with the bottom edges of the other 
views in its cell group. 


*android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout.Alignment_android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout.CENTER*

Indicates that a view should be centered with the other views in its cell 
group. This constant may be used in both 
rowSpecs(|android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout.LayoutParams|) and 
columnSpecs(|android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout.LayoutParams|) . 


*android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout.Alignment_android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout.END*

Indicates that a view should be aligned with the end edges of the other views 
in its cell group. 


*android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout.Alignment_android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout.FILL*

Indicates that a view should expanded to fit the boundaries of its cell group. 
This constant may be used in both 
rowSpecs(|android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout.LayoutParams|) and 
columnSpecs(|android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout.LayoutParams|) . 


*int_android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout.HORIZONTAL*

The horizontal orientation. 


*android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout.Alignment_android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout.LEFT*

Indicates that a view should be aligned with the left edges of the other views 
in its cell group. 


*android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout.Alignment_android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout.RIGHT*

Indicates that a view should be aligned with the right edges of the other views 
in its cell group. 


*android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout.Alignment_android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout.START*

Indicates that a view should be aligned with the start edges of the other views 
in its cell group. 


*android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout.Alignment_android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout.TOP*

Indicates that a view should be aligned with the top edges of the other views 
in its cell group. 


*int_android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout.UNDEFINED*

The constant used to indicate that a value is undefined. Fields can use this 
value to indicate that their values have not yet been set. Similarly, methods 
can return this value to indicate that there is no suitable value that the 
implementation can return. The value used for the constant (currently 
(|java.lang.Integer|) ) is intended to avoid confusion between valid values 
whose sign may not be known. 


*int_android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout.VERTICAL*

The vertical orientation. 



*android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout(Context)*

public GridLayout(Context context)




*android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout(Context,AttributeSet)*

public GridLayout(
  Context context,
  AttributeSet attrs)




*android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout(Context,AttributeSet,int)*

public GridLayout(
  Context context,
  AttributeSet attrs,
  int defStyle)




*android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout.checkLayoutParams(ViewGroup.LayoutParams)*

protected boolean checkLayoutParams(ViewGroup.LayoutParams p)





*android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout.generateDefaultLayoutParams()*

protected |android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout.LayoutParams| generateDefaultLayoutParams()





*android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout.generateLayoutParams(AttributeSet)*

public |android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout.LayoutParams| generateLayoutParams(AttributeSet attrs)





*android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout.generateLayoutParams(ViewGroup.LayoutParams)*

protected |android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout.LayoutParams| generateLayoutParams(ViewGroup.LayoutParams p)





*android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout.getAlignmentMode()*

public int getAlignmentMode()

Returns the alignment mode. 



    Returns: the alignment mode; either {@link #ALIGN_BOUNDS} or {@link #ALIGN_MARGINS} 

*android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout.getColumnCount()*

public int getColumnCount()

Returns the current number of columns. This is either the last value that was 
set with (|android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout|) or, if no such value was set, 
the maximum value of each the upper bounds defined in 
(|android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout.LayoutParams|) . 



    Returns: the current number of columns 

*android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout.getOrientation()*

public int getOrientation()

Returns the current orientation. 



    Returns: either {@link #HORIZONTAL} or {@link #VERTICAL} 

*android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout.getPrinter()*

public Printer getPrinter()

Return the printer that will log diagnostics from this layout. 



    Returns: the printer associated with this view 

*android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout.getRowCount()*

public int getRowCount()

Returns the current number of rows. This is either the last value that was set 
with (|android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout|) or, if no such value was set, the 
maximum value of each the upper bounds defined in 
(|android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout.LayoutParams|) . 



    Returns: the current number of rows 

*android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout.getUseDefaultMargins()*

public boolean getUseDefaultMargins()

Returns whether or not this GridLayout will allocate default margins when no 
corresponding layout parameters are defined. 



    Returns: {@code true} if default margins should be allocated 

*android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout.isColumnOrderPreserved()*

public boolean isColumnOrderPreserved()

Returns whether or not column boundaries are ordered by their grid indices. 



    Returns: {@code true} if column boundaries must appear in the order of their indices, 
             {@code false} otherwise 

*android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout.isRowOrderPreserved()*

public boolean isRowOrderPreserved()

Returns whether or not row boundaries are ordered by their grid indices. 



    Returns: {@code true} if row boundaries must appear in the order of their indices, 
             {@code false} otherwise 

*android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout.onLayout(boolean,int,int,int,int)*

protected void onLayout(
  boolean changed,
  int left,
  int top,
  int right,
  int bottom)





*android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout.onMeasure(int,int)*

protected void onMeasure(
  int widthSpec,
  int heightSpec)





*android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout.requestLayout()*

public void requestLayout()





*android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout.setAlignmentMode(int)*

public void setAlignmentMode(int alignmentMode)

Sets the alignment mode to be used for all of the alignments between the 
children of this container. 

The default value of this property is (|android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout|) 
. 


    alignmentMode - either {@link #ALIGN_BOUNDS} or {@link #ALIGN_MARGINS} 

*android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout.setColumnCount(int)*

public void setColumnCount(int columnCount)

ColumnCount is used only to generate default column/column indices when they 
are not specified by a component's layout parameters. 


    columnCount - the number of columns. 

*android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout.setColumnOrderPreserved(boolean)*

public void setColumnOrderPreserved(boolean columnOrderPreserved)

When this property istrue, GridLayout is forced to place the column boundaries 
so that their associated grid indices are in ascending order in the view. 

When this property isfalseGridLayout is at liberty to place the horizontal 
column boundaries in whatever order best fits the given constraints. 

The default value of this property istrue. 


    columnOrderPreserved - use {@code true} to force GridLayout to respect the order of column boundaries. 

*android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout.setOrientation(int)*

public void setOrientation(int orientation)

GridLayout uses the orientation property for two purposes: 

To control the 'direction' in which default row/column indices are generated 
when they are not specified in a component's layout parameters. 

To control which axis should be processed first during the layout operation: 
when orientation is (|android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout|) the horizontal 
axis is laid out first. 



The order in which axes are laid out is important if, for example, the height 
of one of GridLayout's children is dependent on its width - and its width is, 
in turn, dependent on the widths of other components. 

If your layout contains a (|android.widget.TextView|) (or 
derivative:Button,EditText,CheckBox, etc.) which is in multi-line mode (the 
default) it is normally best to leave GridLayout's orientation asHORIZONTAL- 
becauseTextViewis capable of deriving its height for a given width, but not the 
other way around. 

Other than the effects above, orientation does not affect the actual layout 
operation of GridLayout, so it's fine to leave GridLayout inHORIZONTALmode even 
if the height of the intended layout greatly exceeds its width. 

The default value of this property is (|android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout|) 
. 


    orientation - either {@link #HORIZONTAL} or {@link #VERTICAL} 

*android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout.setPrinter(Printer)*

public void setPrinter(Printer printer)

Set the printer that will log diagnostics from this layout. The default value 
is created by (|android.util.LogPrinter|) . 


    printer - the printer associated with this layout 

*android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout.setRowCount(int)*

public void setRowCount(int rowCount)

RowCount is used only to generate default row/column indices when they are not 
specified by a component's layout parameters. 


    rowCount - the number of rows 

*android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout.setRowOrderPreserved(boolean)*

public void setRowOrderPreserved(boolean rowOrderPreserved)

When this property istrue, GridLayout is forced to place the row boundaries so 
that their associated grid indices are in ascending order in the view. 

When this property isfalseGridLayout is at liberty to place the vertical row 
boundaries in whatever order best fits the given constraints. 

The default value of this property istrue. 


    rowOrderPreserved - {@code true} to force GridLayout to respect the order of row boundaries 

*android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout.setUseDefaultMargins(boolean)*

public void setUseDefaultMargins(boolean useDefaultMargins)

Whentrue, GridLayout allocates default margins around children based on the 
child's visual characteristics. Each of the margins so defined may be 
independently overridden by an assignment to the appropriate layout parameter. 

Whenfalse, the default value of all margins is zero. 

When setting totrue, consider setting the value of the 
alignmentMode(|android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout|) property to 
(|android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout|) . 

The default value of this property isfalse. 


    useDefaultMargins - use {@code true} to make GridLayout allocate default margins 

*android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout.spec(int)*

public static |android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout.Spec| spec(int start)

Return a Spec,spec, where: 

spec.span = [start, start + 1] 

To leave the start index undefined, use the value 
(|android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout|) . 


    start - the start index 

*android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout.spec(int,GridLayout.Alignment)*

public static |android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout.Spec| spec(
  int start,
  android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout.Alignment alignment)

Return a Spec,spec, where: 

spec.span = [start, start + 1] spec.alignment = alignment 

To leave the start index undefined, use the value 
(|android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout|) . 


    start - the start index 
    alignment - the alignment 

*android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout.spec(int,int)*

public static |android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout.Spec| spec(
  int start,
  int size)

Return a Spec,spec, where: 

spec.span = [start, start + size] 

To leave the start index undefined, use the value 
(|android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout|) . 


    start - the start 
    size - the size 

*android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout.spec(int,int,GridLayout.Alignment)*

public static |android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout.Spec| spec(
  int start,
  int size,
  android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout.Alignment alignment)

Return a Spec,spec, where: 

spec.span = [start, start + size] spec.alignment = alignment 

To leave the start index undefined, use the value 
(|android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout|) . 


    start - the start 
    size - the size 
    alignment - the alignment 


