*android.support.v7.app.MediaRouteButton* *MediaRouteButton* The media route but

public class MediaRouteButton
  extends    |View|

|android.support.v7.app.MediaRouteButton_Description|
|android.support.v7.app.MediaRouteButton_Fields|
|android.support.v7.app.MediaRouteButton_Constructors|
|android.support.v7.app.MediaRouteButton_Methods|

================================================================================

*android.support.v7.app.MediaRouteButton_Constructors*
|android.support.v7.app.MediaRouteButton(Context)|
|android.support.v7.app.MediaRouteButton(Context,AttributeSet)|
|android.support.v7.app.MediaRouteButton(Context,AttributeSet,int)|

*android.support.v7.app.MediaRouteButton_Methods*
|android.support.v7.app.MediaRouteButton.drawableStateChanged()|
|android.support.v7.app.MediaRouteButton.getDialogFactory()|Gets the media rout
|android.support.v7.app.MediaRouteButton.getRouteSelector()|Gets the media rout
|android.support.v7.app.MediaRouteButton.jumpDrawablesToCurrentState()|
|android.support.v7.app.MediaRouteButton.onAttachedToWindow()|
|android.support.v7.app.MediaRouteButton.onCreateDrawableState(int)|
|android.support.v7.app.MediaRouteButton.onDetachedFromWindow()|
|android.support.v7.app.MediaRouteButton.onDraw(Canvas)|
|android.support.v7.app.MediaRouteButton.onMeasure(int,int)|
|android.support.v7.app.MediaRouteButton.performClick()|
|android.support.v7.app.MediaRouteButton.performLongClick()|
|android.support.v7.app.MediaRouteButton.setDialogFactory(MediaRouteDialogFactory)|
|android.support.v7.app.MediaRouteButton.setRouteSelector(MediaRouteSelector)|S
|android.support.v7.app.MediaRouteButton.setVisibility(int)|
|android.support.v7.app.MediaRouteButton.showDialog()|Show the route chooser or
|android.support.v7.app.MediaRouteButton.verifyDrawable(Drawable)|

*android.support.v7.app.MediaRouteButton_Description*

The media route button allows the user to select routes and to control the 
currently selected route. 

The application must specify the kinds of routes that the user should be 
allowed to select by specifying a 
selector(|android.support.v7.media.MediaRouteSelector|) with the 
(|android.support.v7.app.MediaRouteButton|) method. 

When the default route is selected or when the currently selected route does 
not match the selector(|android.support.v7.app.MediaRouteButton|) , the button 
will appear in an inactive state indicating that the application is not 
connected to a route of the kind that it wants to use. Clicking on the button 
opens a (|android.support.v7.app.MediaRouteChooserDialog|) to allow the user to 
select a route. If no non-default routes match the selector and it is not 
possible for an active scan to discover any matching routes, then the button is 
disabled and cannot be clicked. 

When a non-default route is selected that matches the selector, the button will 
appear in an active state indicating that the application is connected to a 
route of the kind that it wants to use. The button may also appear in an 
intermediary connecting state if the route is in the process of connecting to 
the destination but has not yet completed doing so. In either case, clicking on 
the button opens a (|android.support.v7.app.MediaRouteControllerDialog|) to 
allow the user to control or disconnect from the current route. 

Prerequisites 

To use the media route button, the activity must be a subclass of 
(|FragmentActivity|) from the android.support.v4 support library. Refer to 
support library documentation for details. 



*android.support.v7.app.MediaRouteButton(Context)*

public MediaRouteButton(Context context)




*android.support.v7.app.MediaRouteButton(Context,AttributeSet)*

public MediaRouteButton(
  Context context,
  AttributeSet attrs)




*android.support.v7.app.MediaRouteButton(Context,AttributeSet,int)*

public MediaRouteButton(
  Context context,
  AttributeSet attrs,
  int defStyleAttr)




*android.support.v7.app.MediaRouteButton.drawableStateChanged()*

protected void drawableStateChanged()





*android.support.v7.app.MediaRouteButton.getDialogFactory()*

public |android.support.v7.app.MediaRouteDialogFactory| getDialogFactory()

Gets the media route dialog factory to use when showing the route chooser or 
controller dialog. 



    Returns: The dialog factory, never null. 

*android.support.v7.app.MediaRouteButton.getRouteSelector()*

public |android.support.v7.media.MediaRouteSelector| getRouteSelector()

Gets the media route selector for filtering the routes that the user can select 
using the media route chooser dialog. 



    Returns: The selector, never null. 

*android.support.v7.app.MediaRouteButton.jumpDrawablesToCurrentState()*

public void jumpDrawablesToCurrentState()





*android.support.v7.app.MediaRouteButton.onAttachedToWindow()*

public void onAttachedToWindow()





*android.support.v7.app.MediaRouteButton.onCreateDrawableState(int)*

protected int[] onCreateDrawableState(int extraSpace)





*android.support.v7.app.MediaRouteButton.onDetachedFromWindow()*

public void onDetachedFromWindow()





*android.support.v7.app.MediaRouteButton.onDraw(Canvas)*

protected void onDraw(Canvas canvas)





*android.support.v7.app.MediaRouteButton.onMeasure(int,int)*

protected void onMeasure(
  int widthMeasureSpec,
  int heightMeasureSpec)





*android.support.v7.app.MediaRouteButton.performClick()*

public boolean performClick()





*android.support.v7.app.MediaRouteButton.performLongClick()*

public boolean performLongClick()





*android.support.v7.app.MediaRouteButton.setDialogFactory(MediaRouteDialogFactory)*

public void setDialogFactory(android.support.v7.app.MediaRouteDialogFactory factory)

Sets the media route dialog factory to use when showing the route chooser or 
controller dialog. 


    factory - The dialog factory, must not be null. 

*android.support.v7.app.MediaRouteButton.setRouteSelector(MediaRouteSelector)*

public void setRouteSelector(android.support.v7.media.MediaRouteSelector selector)

Sets the media route selector for filtering the routes that the user can select 
using the media route chooser dialog. 


    selector - The selector, must not be null. 

*android.support.v7.app.MediaRouteButton.setVisibility(int)*

public void setVisibility(int visibility)





*android.support.v7.app.MediaRouteButton.showDialog()*

public boolean showDialog()

Show the route chooser or controller dialog. 

If the default route is selected or if the currently selected route does not 
match the selector(|android.support.v7.app.MediaRouteButton|) , then shows the 
route chooser dialog. Otherwise, shows the route controller dialog to offer the 
user a choice to disconnect from the route or perform other control actions 
such as setting the route's volume. 

The application can customize the dialogs by calling 
(|android.support.v7.app.MediaRouteButton|) to provide a customized dialog 
factory. 



    Returns: True if the dialog was actually shown. 

*android.support.v7.app.MediaRouteButton.verifyDrawable(Drawable)*

protected boolean verifyDrawable(Drawable who)






