*android.net.LinkCapabilities.Key* *LinkCapabilities.Key* The set of keys define

public static final class LinkCapabilities.Key
  extends    |java.lang.Object|

|android.net.LinkCapabilities.Key_Description|
|android.net.LinkCapabilities.Key_Fields|
|android.net.LinkCapabilities.Key_Constructors|
|android.net.LinkCapabilities.Key_Methods|

================================================================================

*android.net.LinkCapabilities.Key_Fields*
|int_android.net.LinkCapabilities.Key.RO_AVAILABLE_FWD_BW|
|int_android.net.LinkCapabilities.Key.RO_AVAILABLE_REV_BW|
|int_android.net.LinkCapabilities.Key.RO_BOUND_INTERFACE|
|int_android.net.LinkCapabilities.Key.RO_NETWORK_TYPE|
|int_android.net.LinkCapabilities.Key.RO_PHYSICAL_INTERFACE|
|int_android.net.LinkCapabilities.Key.RW_DESIRED_FWD_BW|
|int_android.net.LinkCapabilities.Key.RW_DESIRED_REV_BW|
|int_android.net.LinkCapabilities.Key.RW_MAX_ALLOWED_LATENCY|
|int_android.net.LinkCapabilities.Key.RW_REQUIRED_FWD_BW|
|int_android.net.LinkCapabilities.Key.RW_REQUIRED_REV_BW|

*android.net.LinkCapabilities.Key_Description*

The set of keys defined for a links capabilities. 

Keys starting with RW are read + write, i.e. the application can request for a 
certain requirement corresponding to that key. Keys starting with RO are read 
only, i.e. the the application can read the value of that key from the socket 
but cannot request a corresponding requirement. 

TODO: Provide a documentation technique for concisely and precisely define the 
syntax for each value string associated with a key. 



*int_android.net.LinkCapabilities.Key.RO_AVAILABLE_FWD_BW*

Available forward link (download) bandwidth for the socket. This value is in 
kilobits per second (kbps). Values will be strings such as "50", "100", "1500", 
etc. 


*int_android.net.LinkCapabilities.Key.RO_AVAILABLE_REV_BW*

Available reverse link (upload) bandwidth for the socket. This value is in 
kilobits per second (kbps). Values will be strings such as "50", "100", "1500", 
etc. 


*int_android.net.LinkCapabilities.Key.RO_BOUND_INTERFACE*

Interface that the socket is bound to. This can be a virtual interface (e.g. 
VPN or Mobile IP) or a physical interface (e.g. wlan0 or rmnet0). Values will 
be strings such as "wlan0", "rmnet0" 


*int_android.net.LinkCapabilities.Key.RO_NETWORK_TYPE*

An integer representing the network type. 


*int_android.net.LinkCapabilities.Key.RO_PHYSICAL_INTERFACE*

Physical interface that the socket is routed on. This can be different from 
BOUND_INTERFACE in cases such as VPN or Mobile IP. The physical interface may 
change over time if seamless mobility is supported. Values will be strings such 
as "wlan0", "rmnet0" 


*int_android.net.LinkCapabilities.Key.RW_DESIRED_FWD_BW*

Desired minimum forward link (download) bandwidth for the in kilobits per 
second (kbps). Values should be strings such "50", "100", "1500", etc. 


*int_android.net.LinkCapabilities.Key.RW_DESIRED_REV_BW*

Desired minimum reverse link (upload) bandwidth for the socket in kilobits per 
second (kbps). Values should be strings such as "50", "100", "1500", etc. 

This key is set via the needs map. 


*int_android.net.LinkCapabilities.Key.RW_MAX_ALLOWED_LATENCY*

Maximum latency for the socket, in milliseconds, above which socket cannot 
function. Values should be strings such as "50", "300", "500", etc. 


*int_android.net.LinkCapabilities.Key.RW_REQUIRED_FWD_BW*

Required minimum forward link (download) bandwidth, in per second (kbps), below 
which the socket cannot function. Values should be strings such as "50", "100", 
"1500", etc. 


*int_android.net.LinkCapabilities.Key.RW_REQUIRED_REV_BW*

Required minimum reverse link (upload) bandwidth, in kilobits per second 
(kbps), below which the socket cannot function. If a rate is not specified, the 
default rate of kbps will be Values should be strings such as "50", "100", 
"1500", etc. 



