*android.view.ViewStub* *ViewStub* A ViewStub is an invisible, zero-sized View t

public final class ViewStub
  extends    |android.view.View|

|android.view.ViewStub_Description|
|android.view.ViewStub_Fields|
|android.view.ViewStub_Constructors|
|android.view.ViewStub_Methods|

================================================================================

*android.view.ViewStub_Constructors*
|android.view.ViewStub(Context)|
|android.view.ViewStub(Context,AttributeSet)|
|android.view.ViewStub(Context,AttributeSet,int)|
|android.view.ViewStub(Context,int)|Creates a new ViewStub with the specified l

*android.view.ViewStub_Methods*
|android.view.ViewStub.dispatchDraw(Canvas)|
|android.view.ViewStub.draw(Canvas)|
|android.view.ViewStub.getInflatedId()|Returns the id taken by the inflated vie
|android.view.ViewStub.getLayoutInflater()|Get currentLayoutInflaterused in#inf
|android.view.ViewStub.getLayoutResource()|Returns the layout resource that wil
|android.view.ViewStub.inflate()|Inflates the layout resource identified by#get
|android.view.ViewStub.onMeasure(int,int)|
|android.view.ViewStub.setInflatedId(int)|Defines the id taken by the inflated 
|android.view.ViewStub.setLayoutInflater(LayoutInflater)|SetLayoutInflaterto us
|android.view.ViewStub.setLayoutResource(int)|Specifies the layout resource to 
|android.view.ViewStub.setOnInflateListener(ViewStub.OnInflateListener)|Specifi
|android.view.ViewStub.setVisibility(int)|When visibility is set to#VISIBLEor#I

*android.view.ViewStub_Description*

A ViewStub is an invisible, zero-sized View that can be used to lazily inflate 
layout resources at runtime. 

When a ViewStub is made visible, or when (|android.view.ViewStub|) is invoked, 
the layout resource is inflated. The ViewStub then replaces itself in its 
parent with the inflated View or Views. Therefore, the ViewStub exists in the 
view hierarchy until (|android.view.ViewStub|) or (|android.view.ViewStub|) is 
invoked. 

The inflated View is added to the ViewStub's parent with the ViewStub's layout 
parameters. Similarly, you can define/override the inflate View's id by using 
the ViewStub's inflatedId property. For instance: 



<ViewStub android:id="@+id/stub" android:inflatedId="@+id/subTree" 
android:layout="@layout/mySubTree" android:layout_width="120dip" 
android:layout_height="40dip" /> 

The ViewStub thus defined can be found using the id "stub." After inflation of 
the layout resource "mySubTree," the ViewStub is removed from its parent. The 
View created by inflating the layout resource "mySubTree" can be found using 
the id "subTree," specified by the inflatedId property. The inflated View is 
finally assigned a width of 120dip and a height of 40dip. 

The preferred way to perform the inflation of the layout resource is the 
following: 



ViewStub stub = (ViewStub) findViewById(R.id.stub); View inflated = 
stub.inflate(); 

When (|android.view.ViewStub|) is invoked, the ViewStub is replaced by the 
inflated View and the inflated View is returned. This lets applications get a 
reference to the inflated View without executing an extra findViewById(). 



*android.view.ViewStub(Context)*

public ViewStub(android.content.Context context)




*android.view.ViewStub(Context,AttributeSet)*

public ViewStub(
  android.content.Context context,
  android.util.AttributeSet attrs)




*android.view.ViewStub(Context,AttributeSet,int)*

public ViewStub(
  android.content.Context context,
  android.util.AttributeSet attrs,
  int defStyle)




*android.view.ViewStub(Context,int)*

public ViewStub(
  android.content.Context context,
  int layoutResource)

Creates a new ViewStub with the specified layout resource. 

    context - The application's environment. 
    layoutResource - The reference to a layout resource that will be inflated. 

*android.view.ViewStub.dispatchDraw(Canvas)*

protected void dispatchDraw(Canvas canvas)





*android.view.ViewStub.draw(Canvas)*

public void draw(Canvas canvas)





*android.view.ViewStub.getInflatedId()*

public int getInflatedId()

Returns the id taken by the inflated view. If the inflated id is 
(|android.view.View|) , the inflated view keeps its original id. 



    Returns: A positive integer used to identify the inflated view or {@link #NO_ID} if the 
             inflated view should keep its id. 

*android.view.ViewStub.getLayoutInflater()*

public |android.view.LayoutInflater| getLayoutInflater()

Get current (|android.view.LayoutInflater|) used in (|android.view.ViewStub|) . 



*android.view.ViewStub.getLayoutResource()*

public int getLayoutResource()

Returns the layout resource that will be used by (|android.view.ViewStub|) or 
(|android.view.ViewStub|) to replace this StubbedView in its parent by another 
view. 



    Returns: The layout resource identifier used to inflate the new View. 

*android.view.ViewStub.inflate()*

public |android.view.View| inflate()

Inflates the layout resource identified by (|android.view.ViewStub|) and 
replaces this StubbedView in its parent by the inflated layout resource. 



    Returns: The inflated layout resource. 

*android.view.ViewStub.onMeasure(int,int)*

protected void onMeasure(
  int widthMeasureSpec,
  int heightMeasureSpec)





*android.view.ViewStub.setInflatedId(int)*

public void setInflatedId(int inflatedId)

Defines the id taken by the inflated view. If the inflated id is 
(|android.view.View|) , the inflated view keeps its original id. 


    inflatedId - A positive integer used to identify the inflated view or {@link #NO_ID} if the 
       inflated view should keep its id. 

*android.view.ViewStub.setLayoutInflater(LayoutInflater)*

public void setLayoutInflater(android.view.LayoutInflater inflater)

Set (|android.view.LayoutInflater|) to use in (|android.view.ViewStub|) , 
ornullto use the default. 



*android.view.ViewStub.setLayoutResource(int)*

public void setLayoutResource(int layoutResource)

Specifies the layout resource to inflate when this StubbedView becomes visible 
or invisible or when (|android.view.ViewStub|) is invoked. The View created by 
inflating the layout resource is used to replace this StubbedView in its 
parent. 


    layoutResource - A valid layout resource identifier (different from 0.) 

*android.view.ViewStub.setOnInflateListener(ViewStub.OnInflateListener)*

public void setOnInflateListener(android.view.ViewStub.OnInflateListener inflateListener)

Specifies the inflate listener to be notified after this ViewStub successfully 
inflated its layout resource. 


    inflateListener - The OnInflateListener to notify of successful inflation. 

*android.view.ViewStub.setVisibility(int)*

public void setVisibility(int visibility)

When visibility is set to (|android.view.ViewStub|) or 
(|android.view.ViewStub|) , (|android.view.ViewStub|) is invoked and this 
StubbedView is replaced in its parent by the inflated layout resource. After 
that calls to this function are passed through to the inflated view. 


    visibility - One of {@link #VISIBLE}, {@link #INVISIBLE}, or {@link #GONE}. 


