*android.widget.SimpleAdapter* *SimpleAdapter* An easy adapter to map static dat

public class SimpleAdapter
  extends    |android.widget.BaseAdapter|
  implements |android.widget.Filterable|

|android.widget.SimpleAdapter_Description|
|android.widget.SimpleAdapter_Fields|
|android.widget.SimpleAdapter_Constructors|
|android.widget.SimpleAdapter_Methods|

================================================================================

*android.widget.SimpleAdapter_Constructors*
|android.widget.SimpleAdapter(Context,List<?extendsMap<String,?>>,int,String[],int[])|

*android.widget.SimpleAdapter_Methods*
|android.widget.SimpleAdapter.getCount()|
|android.widget.SimpleAdapter.getDropDownView(int,View,ViewGroup)|
|android.widget.SimpleAdapter.getFilter()|
|android.widget.SimpleAdapter.getItem(int)|
|android.widget.SimpleAdapter.getItemId(int)|
|android.widget.SimpleAdapter.getView(int,View,ViewGroup)|
|android.widget.SimpleAdapter.getViewBinder()|Returns theViewBinderused to bind
|android.widget.SimpleAdapter.setDropDownViewResource(int)|Sets the layout reso
|android.widget.SimpleAdapter.setViewBinder(SimpleAdapter.ViewBinder)|Sets the 
|android.widget.SimpleAdapter.setViewImage(ImageView,int)|Called by bindView() 
|android.widget.SimpleAdapter.setViewImage(ImageView,String)|Called by bindView
|android.widget.SimpleAdapter.setViewText(TextView,String)|Called by bindView()

*android.widget.SimpleAdapter_Description*

An easy adapter to map static data to views defined in an XML file. You can 
specify the data backing the list as an ArrayList of Maps. Each entry in the 
ArrayList corresponds to one row in the list. The Maps contain the data for 
each row. You also specify an XML file that defines the views used to display 
the row, and a mapping from keys in the Map to specific views. 

Binding data to views occurs in two phases. First, if a 
(|android.widget.SimpleAdapter.ViewBinder|) is available, 
(|android.widget.SimpleAdapter.ViewBinder|) is invoked. If the returned value 
is true, binding has occurred. If the returned value is false, the following 
views are then tried in order: 

A view that implements Checkable (e.g. CheckBox). The expected bind value is a 
boolean. TextView. The expected bind value is a string and 
(|android.widget.SimpleAdapter|) is invoked. ImageView. The expected bind value 
is a resource id or a string and (|android.widget.SimpleAdapter|) or 
(|android.widget.SimpleAdapter|) is invoked. 

If no appropriate binding can be found, an (|java.lang.IllegalStateException|) 
is thrown. 



*android.widget.SimpleAdapter(Context,List<?extendsMap<String,?>>,int,String[],int[])*

public SimpleAdapter(
  android.content.Context context,
  java.util.List<? extends java.util.Map<java.lang.String, ?>> data,
  int resource,
  java.lang.String[] from,
  int[] to)

Constructor 

    context - The context where the View associated with this SimpleAdapter is running 
    data - A List of Maps. Each entry in the List corresponds to one row in the list. The 
       Maps contain the data for each row, and should include all the entries 
       specified in "from" 
    resource - Resource identifier of a view layout that defines the views for this list item. 
       The layout file should include at least those named views defined in 
       "to" 
    from - A list of column names that will be added to the Map associated with each item. 
    to - The views that should display column in the "from" parameter. These should all 
       be TextViews. The first N views in this list are given the values of the 
       first N columns in the from parameter. 

*android.widget.SimpleAdapter.getCount()*

public int getCount()





*android.widget.SimpleAdapter.getDropDownView(int,View,ViewGroup)*

public |android.view.View| getDropDownView(
  int position,
  android.view.View convertView,
  android.view.ViewGroup parent)





*android.widget.SimpleAdapter.getFilter()*

public |android.widget.Filter| getFilter()





*android.widget.SimpleAdapter.getItem(int)*

public |java.lang.Object| getItem(int position)





*android.widget.SimpleAdapter.getItemId(int)*

public long getItemId(int position)





*android.widget.SimpleAdapter.getView(int,View,ViewGroup)*

public |android.view.View| getView(
  int position,
  android.view.View convertView,
  android.view.ViewGroup parent)





*android.widget.SimpleAdapter.getViewBinder()*

public |android.widget.SimpleAdapter.ViewBinder| getViewBinder()

Returns the (|android.widget.SimpleAdapter.ViewBinder|) used to bind data to 
views. 



    Returns: a ViewBinder or null if the binder does not exist 

*android.widget.SimpleAdapter.setDropDownViewResource(int)*

public void setDropDownViewResource(int resource)

Sets the layout resource to create the drop down views. 


    resource - the layout resource defining the drop down views 

*android.widget.SimpleAdapter.setViewBinder(SimpleAdapter.ViewBinder)*

public void setViewBinder(android.widget.SimpleAdapter.ViewBinder viewBinder)

Sets the binder used to bind data to views. 


    viewBinder - the binder used to bind data to views, can be null to remove the existing 
       binder 

*android.widget.SimpleAdapter.setViewImage(ImageView,int)*

public void setViewImage(
  android.widget.ImageView v,
  int value)

Called by bindView() to set the image for an ImageView but only if there is no 
existing ViewBinder or if the existing ViewBinder cannot handle binding to an 
ImageView. 

This method is called instead of (|android.widget.SimpleAdapter|) if the 
supplied data is an int or Integer. 


    v - ImageView to receive an image 
    value - the value retrieved from the data set 

*android.widget.SimpleAdapter.setViewImage(ImageView,String)*

public void setViewImage(
  android.widget.ImageView v,
  java.lang.String value)

Called by bindView() to set the image for an ImageView but only if there is no 
existing ViewBinder or if the existing ViewBinder cannot handle binding to an 
ImageView. 

By default, the value will be treated as an image resource. If the value cannot 
be used as an image resource, the value is used as an image Uri. 

This method is called instead of (|android.widget.SimpleAdapter|) if the 
supplied data is not an int or Integer. 


    v - ImageView to receive an image 
    value - the value retrieved from the data set 

*android.widget.SimpleAdapter.setViewText(TextView,String)*

public void setViewText(
  android.widget.TextView v,
  java.lang.String text)

Called by bindView() to set the text for a TextView but only if there is no 
existing ViewBinder or if the existing ViewBinder cannot handle binding to a 
TextView. 


    v - TextView to receive text 
    text - the text to be set for the TextView 


