*android.provider.CalendarContract.Calendars* *CalendarContract.Calendars* Const

public static final class CalendarContract.Calendars
  extends    |java.lang.Object|
  implements |android.provider.BaseColumns|
             |android.provider.CalendarContract.SyncColumns|
             |android.provider.CalendarContract.CalendarColumns|

|android.provider.CalendarContract.Calendars_Description|
|android.provider.CalendarContract.Calendars_Fields|
|android.provider.CalendarContract.Calendars_Constructors|
|android.provider.CalendarContract.Calendars_Methods|

================================================================================

*android.provider.CalendarContract.Calendars_Fields*
|java.lang.String_android.provider.CalendarContract.Calendars.CALENDAR_LOCATION|
|android.net.Uri_android.provider.CalendarContract.Calendars.CONTENT_URI|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.CalendarContract.Calendars.DEFAULT_SORT_ORDER|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.CalendarContract.Calendars.NAME|
|java.lang.String[]_android.provider.CalendarContract.Calendars.SYNC_WRITABLE_COLUMNS|

*android.provider.CalendarContract.Calendars_Description*

Constants and helpers for the Calendars table, which contains details for 
individual calendars. Operations All operations can be done either as an app or 
as a sync adapter. To perform an operation as a sync adapter 
(|android.provider.CalendarContract.Calendars|) should be set to true and 
(|android.provider.CalendarContract.Calendars|) and 
(|android.provider.CalendarContract.Calendars|) must be set in the Uri 
parameters. See (|Uri.Builder|) for details on adding parameters. Sync adapters 
have write access to more columns but are restricted to a single account at a 
time. Calendars are designed to be primarily managed by a sync adapter and 
inserting new calendars should be done as a sync adapter. For the most part, 
apps should only update calendars (such as changing the color or display name). 
If a local calendar is required an app can do so by inserting as a sync adapter 
and using an (|android.provider.CalendarContract.Calendars|) of 
(|android.provider.CalendarContract.Calendars|) . 

Insert When inserting a new calendar the following fields must be included: 

(|android.provider.CalendarContract.Calendars|) 
(|android.provider.CalendarContract.Calendars|) 
(|android.provider.CalendarContract.Calendars|) 
(|android.provider.CalendarContract.Calendars|) 
(|android.provider.CalendarContract.Calendars|) 
(|android.provider.CalendarContract.Calendars|) 
(|android.provider.CalendarContract.Calendars|) 

The following fields are not required when inserting a Calendar but are 
generally a good idea to include: 

(|android.provider.CalendarContract.Calendars|) set to 1 
(|android.provider.CalendarContract.Calendars|) 
(|android.provider.CalendarContract.Calendars|) 
(|android.provider.CalendarContract.Calendars|) 
(|android.provider.CalendarContract.Calendars|) 

Update To perform an update on a calendar the 
(|android.provider.CalendarContract.Calendars|) of the calendar should be 
provided either as an appended id to the Uri ( (|android.content.ContentUris|) 
) or as the first selection item--the selection should start with "_id=?" and 
the first selectionArg should be the _id of the calendar. Calendars may also be 
updated using a selection without the id. In general, the 
(|android.provider.CalendarContract.Calendars|) and 
(|android.provider.CalendarContract.Calendars|) should not be changed after a 
calendar is created as this can cause issues for sync adapters. Delete 
Calendars can be deleted either by the 
(|android.provider.CalendarContract.Calendars|) as an appended id on the Uri or 
using any standard selection. Deleting a calendar should generally be handled 
by a sync adapter as it will remove the calendar from the database and all 
associated data (aka events). Query Querying the Calendars table will get you 
all information about a set of calendars. There will be one row returned for 
each calendar that matches the query selection, or at most a single row if the 
(|android.provider.CalendarContract.Calendars|) is appended to the Uri. 

Calendar Columns The following Calendar columns are writable by both an app and 
a sync adapter. 

(|android.provider.CalendarContract.Calendars|) 
(|android.provider.CalendarContract.Calendars|) 
(|android.provider.CalendarContract.Calendars|) 
(|android.provider.CalendarContract.Calendars|) 

The following Calendars columns are writable only by a sync adapter 

(|android.provider.CalendarContract.Calendars|) 
(|android.provider.CalendarContract.Calendars|) 
(|android.provider.CalendarContract.Calendars|) 
(|android.provider.CalendarContract.Calendars|) 
(|android.provider.CalendarContract.Calendars|) 
(|android.provider.CalendarContract.Calendars|) 
(|android.provider.CalendarContract.Calendars|) 
(|android.provider.CalendarContract.Calendars|) 
(|android.provider.CalendarContract.Calendars|) 
(|android.provider.CalendarContract.Calendars|) 
(|android.provider.CalendarContract.Calendars|) 
(|android.provider.CalendarContract.Calendars|) 
(|android.provider.CalendarContract.Calendars|) 
(|android.provider.CalendarContract.Calendars|) 
(|android.provider.CalendarContract.Calendars|) 
(|android.provider.CalendarContract.Calendars|) 
(|android.provider.CalendarContract.Calendars|) 
(|android.provider.CalendarContract.Calendars|) 
(|android.provider.CalendarContract.Calendars|) 
(|android.provider.CalendarContract.Calendars|) 
(|android.provider.CalendarContract.Calendars|) 
(|android.provider.CalendarContract.Calendars|) 
(|android.provider.CalendarContract.Calendars|) 
(|android.provider.CalendarContract.Calendars|) 
(|android.provider.CalendarContract.Calendars|) 
(|android.provider.CalendarContract.Calendars|) 
(|android.provider.CalendarContract.Calendars|) 
(|android.provider.CalendarContract.Calendars|) 



*java.lang.String_android.provider.CalendarContract.Calendars.CALENDAR_LOCATION*

The default location for the calendar. Column name. Type: TEXT 


*android.net.Uri_android.provider.CalendarContract.Calendars.CONTENT_URI*

The content:// style URL for accessing Calendars 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.CalendarContract.Calendars.DEFAULT_SORT_ORDER*

The default sort order for this table 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.CalendarContract.Calendars.NAME*

The name of the calendar. Column name. Type: TEXT 


*java.lang.String[]_android.provider.CalendarContract.Calendars.SYNC_WRITABLE_COLUMNS*

These fields are only writable by a sync adapter. To modify them the caller 
must include (|android.provider.CalendarContract.Calendars|) , 
(|android.provider.CalendarContract.Calendars|) , and 
(|android.provider.CalendarContract.Calendars|) in the Uri's query parameters. 
TODO move to provider 



