*android.provider.ContactsContract.GroupsColumns* *ContactsContract.GroupsColumns* 

protected static interface interface ContactsContract.GroupsColumns


|android.provider.ContactsContract.GroupsColumns_Description|
|android.provider.ContactsContract.GroupsColumns_Fields|
|android.provider.ContactsContract.GroupsColumns_Constructors|
|android.provider.ContactsContract.GroupsColumns_Methods|

================================================================================

*android.provider.ContactsContract.GroupsColumns_Fields*
|java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.GroupsColumns.ACCOUNT_TYPE_AND_DATA_SET|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.GroupsColumns.AUTO_ADD|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.GroupsColumns.DATA_SET|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.GroupsColumns.DELETED|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.GroupsColumns.FAVORITES|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.GroupsColumns.GROUP_IS_READ_ONLY|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.GroupsColumns.GROUP_VISIBLE|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.GroupsColumns.NOTES|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.GroupsColumns.PARAM_RETURN_GROUP_COUNT_PER_ACCOUNT|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.GroupsColumns.RES_PACKAGE|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.GroupsColumns.SHOULD_SYNC|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.GroupsColumns.SUMMARY_COUNT|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.GroupsColumns.SUMMARY_GROUP_COUNT_PER_ACCOUNT|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.GroupsColumns.SUMMARY_WITH_PHONES|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.GroupsColumns.SYSTEM_ID|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.GroupsColumns.TITLE|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.GroupsColumns.TITLE_RES|

*android.provider.ContactsContract.GroupsColumns_Description*





*java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.GroupsColumns.ACCOUNT_TYPE_AND_DATA_SET*

A concatenation of the account type and data set (delimited by a forward slash) 
- if the data set is empty, this will be the same as the account type. For 
applications that need to be aware of the data set, this can be used instead of 
account type to distinguish sets of data. This is never intended to be used for 
specifying accounts. 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.GroupsColumns.AUTO_ADD*

Any newly created contacts will automatically be added to groups that have this 
flag set to true. 

Type: INTEGER (boolean) 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.GroupsColumns.DATA_SET*

The data set within the account that this group belongs to. This allows 
multiple sync adapters for the same account type to distinguish between each 
others' group data. 

This is empty by default, and is completely optional. It only needs to be 
populated if multiple sync adapters are entering distinct group data for the 
same account type and account name. Type: TEXT 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.GroupsColumns.DELETED*

The "deleted" flag: "0" by default, "1" if the row has been marked for 
deletion. When (|android.content.ContentResolver|) is called on a group, it is 
marked for deletion. The sync adaptor deletes the group on the server and then 
calls ContactResolver.delete once more, this time setting the the 
(|android.provider.ContactsContract|) query parameter to finalize the data 
removal. Type: INTEGER 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.GroupsColumns.FAVORITES*

When a contacts is marked as a favorites it will be automatically added to the 
groups that have this flag set, and when it is removed from favorites it will 
be removed from these groups. 

Type: INTEGER (boolean) 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.GroupsColumns.GROUP_IS_READ_ONLY*

The "read-only" flag: "0" by default, "1" if the row cannot be modified or 
deleted except by a sync adapter. See (|android.provider.ContactsContract|) . 
Type: INTEGER 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.GroupsColumns.GROUP_VISIBLE*

Flag indicating if the contacts belonging to this group should be visible in 
any user interface. 

Type: INTEGER (boolean) 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.GroupsColumns.NOTES*

Notes about the group. 

Type: TEXT 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.GroupsColumns.PARAM_RETURN_GROUP_COUNT_PER_ACCOUNT*

A boolean query parameter that can be used with 
(|android.provider.ContactsContract.Groups|) . It will additionally return 
(|android.provider.ContactsContract.GroupsColumns|) . 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.GroupsColumns.RES_PACKAGE*

The package name to use when creating (|android.content.res.Resources|) objects 
for this group. This value is only designed for use when building user 
interfaces, and should not be used to infer the owner. 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.GroupsColumns.SHOULD_SYNC*

Whether this group should be synced if the SYNC_EVERYTHING settings is false 
for this group's account. 

Type: INTEGER (boolean) 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.GroupsColumns.SUMMARY_COUNT*

The total number of (|android.provider.Contacts|) that have 
(|android.provider.ContactsContract.CommonDataKinds.GroupMembership|) in this 
group. Read-only value that is only present when querying 
(|android.provider.ContactsContract.Groups|) . 

Type: INTEGER 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.GroupsColumns.SUMMARY_GROUP_COUNT_PER_ACCOUNT*

The total number of groups of the account that a group belongs to. This column 
is available only when the parameter 
(|android.provider.ContactsContract.GroupsColumns|) is specified in 
(|android.provider.ContactsContract.Groups|) . 

For example, when the account "A" has two groups "group1" and "group2", and the 
account "B" has a group "group3", the rows for "group1" and "group2" return "2" 
and the row for "group3" returns "1" for this column. 

Note: This counts only non-favorites, non-auto-add, and not deleted groups. 

Type: INTEGER 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.GroupsColumns.SUMMARY_WITH_PHONES*

The total number of (|android.provider.Contacts|) that have both 
(|android.provider.ContactsContract.CommonDataKinds.GroupMembership|) in this 
group, and also have phone numbers. Read-only value that is only present when 
querying (|android.provider.ContactsContract.Groups|) . 

Type: INTEGER 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.GroupsColumns.SYSTEM_ID*

The ID of this group if it is a System Group, i.e. a group that has a special 
meaning to the sync adapter, null otherwise. Type: TEXT 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.GroupsColumns.TITLE*

The display title of this group. 

Type: TEXT 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.GroupsColumns.TITLE_RES*

The display title of this group to load as a resource from 
(|android.provider.ContactsContract.GroupsColumns|) , which may be localized. 
Type: TEXT 



