*android.widget.SimpleCursorAdapter* *SimpleCursorAdapter* An easy adapter to ma

public class SimpleCursorAdapter
  extends    |android.widget.ResourceCursorAdapter|

|android.widget.SimpleCursorAdapter_Description|
|android.widget.SimpleCursorAdapter_Fields|
|android.widget.SimpleCursorAdapter_Constructors|
|android.widget.SimpleCursorAdapter_Methods|

================================================================================

*android.widget.SimpleCursorAdapter_Fields*
|int[]_android.widget.SimpleCursorAdapter.mFrom|
|int[]_android.widget.SimpleCursorAdapter.mTo|

*android.widget.SimpleCursorAdapter_Constructors*
|android.widget.SimpleCursorAdapter(Context,int,Cursor,String[],int[])|Construc
|android.widget.SimpleCursorAdapter(Context,int,Cursor,String[],int[],int)|Stan

*android.widget.SimpleCursorAdapter_Methods*
|android.widget.SimpleCursorAdapter.bindView(View,Context,Cursor)|Binds all of 
|android.widget.SimpleCursorAdapter.changeCursorAndColumns(Cursor,String[],int[])|
|android.widget.SimpleCursorAdapter.convertToString(Cursor)|Returns a CharSeque
|android.widget.SimpleCursorAdapter.getCursorToStringConverter()|Returns the co
|android.widget.SimpleCursorAdapter.getStringConversionColumn()|Return the inde
|android.widget.SimpleCursorAdapter.getViewBinder()|Returns theViewBinderused t
|android.widget.SimpleCursorAdapter.setCursorToStringConverter(SimpleCursorAdapter.CursorToStringConverter)|
|android.widget.SimpleCursorAdapter.setStringConversionColumn(int)|Defines the 
|android.widget.SimpleCursorAdapter.setViewBinder(SimpleCursorAdapter.ViewBinder)|
|android.widget.SimpleCursorAdapter.setViewImage(ImageView,String)|Called by bi
|android.widget.SimpleCursorAdapter.setViewText(TextView,String)|Called by bind
|android.widget.SimpleCursorAdapter.swapCursor(Cursor)|

*android.widget.SimpleCursorAdapter_Description*

An easy adapter to map columns from a cursor to TextViews or ImageViews defined 
in an XML file. You can specify which columns you want, which views you want to 
display the columns, and the XML file that defines the appearance of these 
views. 

Binding occurs in two phases. First, if a 
(|android.widget.SimpleCursorAdapter.ViewBinder|) is available, 
(|android.widget.SimpleCursorAdapter.ViewBinder|) is invoked. If the returned 
value is true, binding has occured. If the returned value is false and the view 
to bind is a TextView, (|android.widget.SimpleCursorAdapter|) is invoked. If 
the returned value is false and the view to bind is an ImageView, 
(|android.widget.SimpleCursorAdapter|) is invoked. If no appropriate binding 
can be found, an (|java.lang.IllegalStateException|) is thrown. 

If this adapter is used with filtering, for instance in an 
(|android.widget.AutoCompleteTextView|) , you can use the 
(|android.widget.SimpleCursorAdapter.CursorToStringConverter|) and the 
(|android.widget.FilterQueryProvider|) interfaces to get control over the 
filtering process. You can refer to (|android.widget.SimpleCursorAdapter|) and 
(|android.widget.SimpleCursorAdapter|) for more information. 



*int[]_android.widget.SimpleCursorAdapter.mFrom*

A list of columns containing the data to bind to the UI. This field should be 
made private, so it is hidden from the SDK. 


*int[]_android.widget.SimpleCursorAdapter.mTo*

A list of View ids representing the views to which the data must be bound. This 
field should be made private, so it is hidden from the SDK. 



*android.widget.SimpleCursorAdapter(Context,int,Cursor,String[],int[])*

public SimpleCursorAdapter(
  android.content.Context context,
  int layout,
  android.database.Cursor c,
  java.lang.String[] from,
  int[] to)

Constructor the enables auto-requery. 


*android.widget.SimpleCursorAdapter(Context,int,Cursor,String[],int[],int)*

public SimpleCursorAdapter(
  android.content.Context context,
  int layout,
  android.database.Cursor c,
  java.lang.String[] from,
  int[] to,
  int flags)

Standard constructor. 

    context - The context where the ListView associated with this SimpleListItemFactory is 
       running 
    layout - resource identifier of a layout file that defines the views for this list item. 
       The layout file should include at least those named views defined in 
       "to" 
    c - The database cursor. Can be null if the cursor is not available yet. 
    from - A list of column names representing the data to bind to the UI. Can be null if 
       the cursor is not available yet. 
    to - The views that should display column in the "from" parameter. These should all 
       be TextViews. The first N views in this list are given the values of the 
       first N columns in the from parameter. Can be null if the cursor is not 
       available yet. 
    flags - Flags used to determine the behavior of the adapter, as per {@link 
       CursorAdapter#CursorAdapter(Context, Cursor, int)}. 

*android.widget.SimpleCursorAdapter.bindView(View,Context,Cursor)*

public void bindView(
  android.view.View view,
  android.content.Context context,
  android.database.Cursor cursor)

Binds all of the field names passed into the "to" parameter of the constructor 
with their corresponding cursor columns as specified in the "from" parameter. 

Binding occurs in two phases. First, if a 
(|android.widget.SimpleCursorAdapter.ViewBinder|) is available, 
(|android.widget.SimpleCursorAdapter.ViewBinder|) is invoked. If the returned 
value is true, binding has occured. If the returned value is false and the view 
to bind is a TextView, (|android.widget.SimpleCursorAdapter|) is invoked. If 
the returned value is false and the view to bind is an ImageView, 
(|android.widget.SimpleCursorAdapter|) is invoked. If no appropriate binding 
can be found, an (|java.lang.IllegalStateException|) is thrown. 



*android.widget.SimpleCursorAdapter.changeCursorAndColumns(Cursor,String[],int[])*

public void changeCursorAndColumns(
  android.database.Cursor c,
  java.lang.String[] from,
  int[] to)

Change the cursor and change the column-to-view mappings at the same time. 


    c - The database cursor. Can be null if the cursor is not available yet. 
    from - A list of column names representing the data to bind to the UI. Can be null if 
       the cursor is not available yet. 
    to - The views that should display column in the "from" parameter. These should all 
       be TextViews. The first N views in this list are given the values of the 
       first N columns in the from parameter. Can be null if the cursor is not 
       available yet. 

*android.widget.SimpleCursorAdapter.convertToString(Cursor)*

public |java.lang.CharSequence| convertToString(android.database.Cursor cursor)

Returns a CharSequence representation of the specified Cursor as defined by the 
current CursorToStringConverter. If no CursorToStringConverter has been set, 
the String conversion column is used instead. If the conversion column is -1, 
the returned String is empty if the cursor is null or Cursor.toString(). 


    cursor - the Cursor to convert to a CharSequence 

    Returns: a non-null CharSequence representing the cursor 

*android.widget.SimpleCursorAdapter.getCursorToStringConverter()*

public |android.widget.SimpleCursorAdapter.CursorToStringConverter| getCursorToStringConverter()

Returns the converter used to convert the filtering Cursor into a String. 



    Returns: null if the converter does not exist or an instance of {@link 
             android.widget.SimpleCursorAdapter.CursorToStringConverter} 

*android.widget.SimpleCursorAdapter.getStringConversionColumn()*

public int getStringConversionColumn()

Return the index of the column used to get a String representation of the 
Cursor. 



    Returns: a valid index in the current Cursor or -1 

*android.widget.SimpleCursorAdapter.getViewBinder()*

public |android.widget.SimpleCursorAdapter.ViewBinder| getViewBinder()

Returns the (|android.widget.SimpleCursorAdapter.ViewBinder|) used to bind data 
to views. 



    Returns: a ViewBinder or null if the binder does not exist 

*android.widget.SimpleCursorAdapter.setCursorToStringConverter(SimpleCursorAdapter.CursorToStringConverter)*

public void setCursorToStringConverter(android.widget.SimpleCursorAdapter.CursorToStringConverter cursorToStringConverter)

Sets the converter used to convert the filtering Cursor into a String. 


    cursorToStringConverter - the Cursor to String converter, or null to remove the converter 

*android.widget.SimpleCursorAdapter.setStringConversionColumn(int)*

public void setStringConversionColumn(int stringConversionColumn)

Defines the index of the column in the Cursor used to get a String 
representation of that Cursor. The column is used to convert the Cursor to a 
String only when the current CursorToStringConverter is null. 


    stringConversionColumn - a valid index in the current Cursor or -1 to use the default conversion 
       mechanism 

*android.widget.SimpleCursorAdapter.setViewBinder(SimpleCursorAdapter.ViewBinder)*

public void setViewBinder(android.widget.SimpleCursorAdapter.ViewBinder viewBinder)

Sets the binder used to bind data to views. 


    viewBinder - the binder used to bind data to views, can be null to remove the existing 
       binder 

*android.widget.SimpleCursorAdapter.setViewImage(ImageView,String)*

public void setViewImage(
  android.widget.ImageView v,
  java.lang.String value)

Called by bindView() to set the image for an ImageView but only if there is no 
existing ViewBinder or if the existing ViewBinder cannot handle binding to an 
ImageView. 

By default, the value will be treated as an image resource. If the value cannot 
be used as an image resource, the value is used as an image Uri. 

Intended to be overridden by Adapters that need to filter strings retrieved 
from the database. 


    v - ImageView to receive an image 
    value - the value retrieved from the cursor 

*android.widget.SimpleCursorAdapter.setViewText(TextView,String)*

public void setViewText(
  android.widget.TextView v,
  java.lang.String text)

Called by bindView() to set the text for a TextView but only if there is no 
existing ViewBinder or if the existing ViewBinder cannot handle binding to a 
TextView. 

Intended to be overridden by Adapters that need to filter strings retrieved 
from the database. 


    v - TextView to receive text 
    text - the text to be set for the TextView 

*android.widget.SimpleCursorAdapter.swapCursor(Cursor)*

public |android.database.Cursor| swapCursor(android.database.Cursor c)






