*android.net.NetworkStats* *NetworkStats* Collection of active network statistic

public class NetworkStats
  extends    |java.lang.Object|
  implements |android.os.Parcelable|

|android.net.NetworkStats_Description|
|android.net.NetworkStats_Fields|
|android.net.NetworkStats_Constructors|
|android.net.NetworkStats_Methods|

================================================================================

*android.net.NetworkStats_Fields*
|android.os.Parcelable.Creator<android.net.NetworkStats>_android.net.NetworkStats.CREATOR|
|java.lang.String_android.net.NetworkStats.IFACE_ALL|
|int_android.net.NetworkStats.SET_ALL|
|int_android.net.NetworkStats.SET_DEFAULT|
|int_android.net.NetworkStats.SET_FOREGROUND|
|int_android.net.NetworkStats.TAG_NONE|
|int_android.net.NetworkStats.UID_ALL|

*android.net.NetworkStats_Constructors*
|android.net.NetworkStats(long,int)|
|android.net.NetworkStats(Parcel)|

*android.net.NetworkStats_Methods*
|android.net.NetworkStats.addIfaceValues(String,long,long,long,long)|
|android.net.NetworkStats.addValues(NetworkStats.Entry)|Add new stats entry, co
|android.net.NetworkStats.addValues(String,int,int,int,long,long,long,long,long)|
|android.net.NetworkStats.clone()|
|android.net.NetworkStats.combineAllValues(NetworkStats)|Combine all values fro
|android.net.NetworkStats.combineValues(NetworkStats.Entry)|Combine given value
|android.net.NetworkStats.combineValues(String,int,int,int,long,long,long,long,long)|
|android.net.NetworkStats.combineValues(String,int,int,long,long,long,long,long)|
|android.net.NetworkStats.describeContents()|
|android.net.NetworkStats.dump(String,PrintWriter)|
|android.net.NetworkStats.findIndex(String,int,int,int)|Find first stats index 
|android.net.NetworkStats.findIndexHinted(String,int,int,int,int)|Find first st
|android.net.NetworkStats.getElapsedRealtime()|
|android.net.NetworkStats.getElapsedRealtimeAge()|Return age of thisNetworkStat
|android.net.NetworkStats.getTotal(NetworkStats.Entry)|Return total of all fiel
|android.net.NetworkStats.getTotal(NetworkStats.Entry,HashSet<String>)|Return t
|android.net.NetworkStats.getTotal(NetworkStats.Entry,int)|Return total of all 
|android.net.NetworkStats.getTotalBytes()|Return total bytes represented by thi
|android.net.NetworkStats.getTotalIncludingTags(NetworkStats.Entry)|
|android.net.NetworkStats.getUniqueIfaces()|Return list of unique interfaces kn
|android.net.NetworkStats.getUniqueUids()|Return list of unique UIDs known by t
|android.net.NetworkStats.getValues(int,NetworkStats.Entry)|Return specific sta
|android.net.NetworkStats.groupedByIface()|Return total statistics grouped by#i
|android.net.NetworkStats.groupedByUid()|Return total statistics grouped by#uid
|android.net.NetworkStats.internalSize()|
|android.net.NetworkStats.setToString(int)|Return text description of#setvalue.
|android.net.NetworkStats.size()|
|android.net.NetworkStats.spliceOperationsFrom(NetworkStats)|Splice in#operatio
|android.net.NetworkStats.subtract(NetworkStats)|Subtract the givenNetworkStats
|android.net.NetworkStats.subtract(NetworkStats,NetworkStats,NetworkStats.NonMonotonicObserver<C>,C)|
|android.net.NetworkStats.tagToString(int)|Return text description of#tagvalue.
|android.net.NetworkStats.toString()|
|android.net.NetworkStats.withoutUids(int[])|Return all rows except those attri
|android.net.NetworkStats.writeToParcel(Parcel,int)|

*android.net.NetworkStats_Description*

Collection of active network statistics. Can contain summary details across all 
interfaces, or details with per-UID granularity. Internally stores data as a 
large table, closely matching/proc/data format. This structure optimizes for 
rapid in-memory comparison, but consider using 
(|android.net.NetworkStatsHistory|) when persisting. 



*android.os.Parcelable.Creator<android.net.NetworkStats>_android.net.NetworkStats.CREATOR*




*java.lang.String_android.net.NetworkStats.IFACE_ALL*

(|android.net.NetworkStats|) value when interface details unavailable. 


*int_android.net.NetworkStats.SET_ALL*

(|android.net.NetworkStats|) value when all sets combined. 


*int_android.net.NetworkStats.SET_DEFAULT*

(|android.net.NetworkStats|) value where background data is accounted. 


*int_android.net.NetworkStats.SET_FOREGROUND*

(|android.net.NetworkStats|) value where foreground data is accounted. 


*int_android.net.NetworkStats.TAG_NONE*

(|android.net.NetworkStats|) value for total data across all tags. 


*int_android.net.NetworkStats.UID_ALL*

(|android.net.NetworkStats|) value when UID details unavailable. 



*android.net.NetworkStats(long,int)*

public NetworkStats(
  long elapsedRealtime,
  int initialSize)




*android.net.NetworkStats(Parcel)*

public NetworkStats(android.os.Parcel parcel)




*android.net.NetworkStats.addIfaceValues(String,long,long,long,long)*

public |android.net.NetworkStats| addIfaceValues(
  java.lang.String iface,
  long rxBytes,
  long rxPackets,
  long txBytes,
  long txPackets)





*android.net.NetworkStats.addValues(NetworkStats.Entry)*

public |android.net.NetworkStats| addValues(android.net.NetworkStats.Entry entry)

Add new stats entry, copying from given (|android.net.NetworkStats.Entry|) . 
The (|android.net.NetworkStats.Entry|) object can be recycled across multiple 
calls. 



*android.net.NetworkStats.addValues(String,int,int,int,long,long,long,long,long)*

public |android.net.NetworkStats| addValues(
  java.lang.String iface,
  int uid,
  int set,
  int tag,
  long rxBytes,
  long rxPackets,
  long txBytes,
  long txPackets,
  long operations)





*android.net.NetworkStats.clone()*

public |android.net.NetworkStats| clone()





*android.net.NetworkStats.combineAllValues(NetworkStats)*

public void combineAllValues(android.net.NetworkStats another)

Combine all values from another (|android.net.NetworkStats|) into this object. 



*android.net.NetworkStats.combineValues(NetworkStats.Entry)*

public |android.net.NetworkStats| combineValues(android.net.NetworkStats.Entry entry)

Combine given values with an existing row, or create a new row if 
(|android.net.NetworkStats|) is unable to find match. Can also be used to 
subtract values from existing rows. 



*android.net.NetworkStats.combineValues(String,int,int,int,long,long,long,long,long)*

public |android.net.NetworkStats| combineValues(
  java.lang.String iface,
  int uid,
  int set,
  int tag,
  long rxBytes,
  long rxPackets,
  long txBytes,
  long txPackets,
  long operations)





*android.net.NetworkStats.combineValues(String,int,int,long,long,long,long,long)*

public |android.net.NetworkStats| combineValues(
  java.lang.String iface,
  int uid,
  int tag,
  long rxBytes,
  long rxPackets,
  long txBytes,
  long txPackets,
  long operations)





*android.net.NetworkStats.describeContents()*

public int describeContents()





*android.net.NetworkStats.dump(String,PrintWriter)*

public void dump(
  java.lang.String prefix,
  java.io.PrintWriter pw)





*android.net.NetworkStats.findIndex(String,int,int,int)*

public int findIndex(
  java.lang.String iface,
  int uid,
  int set,
  int tag)

Find first stats index that matches the requested parameters. 



*android.net.NetworkStats.findIndexHinted(String,int,int,int,int)*

public int findIndexHinted(
  java.lang.String iface,
  int uid,
  int set,
  int tag,
  int hintIndex)

Find first stats index that matches the requested parameters, starting search 
around the hinted index as an optimization. 



*android.net.NetworkStats.getElapsedRealtime()*

public long getElapsedRealtime()





*android.net.NetworkStats.getElapsedRealtimeAge()*

public long getElapsedRealtimeAge()

Return age of this (|android.net.NetworkStats|) object with respect to 
(|android.os.SystemClock|) . 



*android.net.NetworkStats.getTotal(NetworkStats.Entry)*

public |android.net.NetworkStats.Entry| getTotal(android.net.NetworkStats.Entry recycle)

Return total of all fields represented by this snapshot object. 



*android.net.NetworkStats.getTotal(NetworkStats.Entry,HashSet<String>)*

public |android.net.NetworkStats.Entry| getTotal(
  android.net.NetworkStats.Entry recycle,
  java.util.HashSet<java.lang.String> limitIface)

Return total of all fields represented by this snapshot object matching the 
requested (|android.net.NetworkStats|) . 



*android.net.NetworkStats.getTotal(NetworkStats.Entry,int)*

public |android.net.NetworkStats.Entry| getTotal(
  android.net.NetworkStats.Entry recycle,
  int limitUid)

Return total of all fields represented by this snapshot object matching the 
requested (|android.net.NetworkStats|) . 



*android.net.NetworkStats.getTotalBytes()*

public long getTotalBytes()

Return total bytes represented by this snapshot object, usually used when 
checking if a (|android.net.NetworkStats|) delta passes a threshold. 



*android.net.NetworkStats.getTotalIncludingTags(NetworkStats.Entry)*

public |android.net.NetworkStats.Entry| getTotalIncludingTags(android.net.NetworkStats.Entry recycle)





*android.net.NetworkStats.getUniqueIfaces()*

public |java.lang.String|[] getUniqueIfaces()

Return list of unique interfaces known by this data structure. 



*android.net.NetworkStats.getUniqueUids()*

public int[] getUniqueUids()

Return list of unique UIDs known by this data structure. 



*android.net.NetworkStats.getValues(int,NetworkStats.Entry)*

public |android.net.NetworkStats.Entry| getValues(
  int i,
  android.net.NetworkStats.Entry recycle)

Return specific stats entry. 



*android.net.NetworkStats.groupedByIface()*

public |android.net.NetworkStats| groupedByIface()

Return total statistics grouped by (|android.net.NetworkStats|) ; doesn't 
mutate the original structure. 



*android.net.NetworkStats.groupedByUid()*

public |android.net.NetworkStats| groupedByUid()

Return total statistics grouped by (|android.net.NetworkStats|) ; doesn't 
mutate the original structure. 



*android.net.NetworkStats.internalSize()*

public int internalSize()





*android.net.NetworkStats.setToString(int)*

public static |java.lang.String| setToString(int set)

Return text description of (|android.net.NetworkStats|) value. 



*android.net.NetworkStats.size()*

public int size()





*android.net.NetworkStats.spliceOperationsFrom(NetworkStats)*

public void spliceOperationsFrom(android.net.NetworkStats stats)

Splice in (|android.net.NetworkStats|) from the given 
(|android.net.NetworkStats|) based on matching (|android.net.NetworkStats|) and 
(|android.net.NetworkStats|) rows. Ignores (|android.net.NetworkStats|) , since 
operation counts are at data layer. 



*android.net.NetworkStats.subtract(NetworkStats)*

public |android.net.NetworkStats| subtract(android.net.NetworkStats right)

Subtract the given (|android.net.NetworkStats|) , effectively leaving the delta 
between two snapshots in time. Assumes that statistics rows collect over time, 
and that none of them have disappeared. 



*android.net.NetworkStats.subtract(NetworkStats,NetworkStats,NetworkStats.NonMonotonicObserver<C>,C)*

public static |android.net.NetworkStats| subtract(
  android.net.NetworkStats left,
  android.net.NetworkStats right,
  android.net.NetworkStats.NonMonotonicObserver<C> observer,
  C cookie)

Subtract the two given (|android.net.NetworkStats|) objects, returning the 
delta between two snapshots in time. Assumes that statistics rows collect over 
time, and that none of them have disappeared. 

If counters have rolled backwards, they are clamped to0and reported to the 
given (|android.net.NetworkStats.NonMonotonicObserver|) . 



*android.net.NetworkStats.tagToString(int)*

public static |java.lang.String| tagToString(int tag)

Return text description of (|android.net.NetworkStats|) value. 



*android.net.NetworkStats.toString()*

public |java.lang.String| toString()





*android.net.NetworkStats.withoutUids(int[])*

public |android.net.NetworkStats| withoutUids(int[] uids)

Return all rows except those attributed to the requested UID; doesn't mutate 
the original structure. 



*android.net.NetworkStats.writeToParcel(Parcel,int)*

public void writeToParcel(
  android.os.Parcel dest,
  int flags)






