*android.provider.ContactsContract.StreamItemsColumns* *ContactsContract.StreamItemsColumns* 

protected static interface interface ContactsContract.StreamItemsColumns


|android.provider.ContactsContract.StreamItemsColumns_Description|
|android.provider.ContactsContract.StreamItemsColumns_Fields|
|android.provider.ContactsContract.StreamItemsColumns_Constructors|
|android.provider.ContactsContract.StreamItemsColumns_Methods|

================================================================================

*android.provider.ContactsContract.StreamItemsColumns_Fields*
|java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.StreamItemsColumns.ACCOUNT_NAME|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.StreamItemsColumns.ACCOUNT_TYPE|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.StreamItemsColumns.COMMENTS|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.StreamItemsColumns.CONTACT_ID|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.StreamItemsColumns.CONTACT_LOOKUP_KEY|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.StreamItemsColumns.DATA_SET|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.StreamItemsColumns.RAW_CONTACT_ID|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.StreamItemsColumns.RAW_CONTACT_SOURCE_ID|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.StreamItemsColumns.RES_ICON|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.StreamItemsColumns.RES_LABEL|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.StreamItemsColumns.RES_PACKAGE|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.StreamItemsColumns.SYNC1|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.StreamItemsColumns.SYNC2|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.StreamItemsColumns.SYNC3|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.StreamItemsColumns.SYNC4|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.StreamItemsColumns.TEXT|
|java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.StreamItemsColumns.TIMESTAMP|

*android.provider.ContactsContract.StreamItemsColumns_Description*

Columns in the StreamItems table. 



*java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.StreamItemsColumns.ACCOUNT_NAME*

The account name to which the raw_contact of this item is associated. See 
(|android.provider.ContactsContract.RawContacts|) Type: TEXT read-only 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.StreamItemsColumns.ACCOUNT_TYPE*

The account type to which the raw_contact of this item is associated. See 
(|android.provider.ContactsContract.RawContacts|) Type: TEXT read-only 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.StreamItemsColumns.COMMENTS*

Summary information about the stream item, for example to indicate how many 
people have reshared it, how many have liked it, how many thumbs up and/or 
thumbs down it has, what the original source was, etc. 

This text is displayed to the user and allows simple formatting via HTML, in 
the same manner as (|android.provider.ContactsContract.StreamItemsColumns|) 
allows. 

Long content may be truncated and/or ellipsized - the exact behavior is 
unspecified, but it should not break tags. 

Type: TEXT 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.StreamItemsColumns.CONTACT_ID*

A reference to the (|android.provider.ContactsContract.Contacts|) that this 
stream item belongs to. 

Type: INTEGER read-only 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.StreamItemsColumns.CONTACT_LOOKUP_KEY*

A reference to the (|android.provider.ContactsContract.Contacts|) that this 
stream item belongs to. 

Type: TEXT read-only 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.StreamItemsColumns.DATA_SET*

The data set within the account that the raw_contact of this row belongs to. 
This allows multiple sync adapters for the same account type to distinguish 
between each others' data. (|android.provider.ContactsContract.RawContacts|) 
Type: TEXT read-only 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.StreamItemsColumns.RAW_CONTACT_ID*

A reference to the (|android.provider.ContactsContract.RawContacts|) that this 
stream item belongs to. Type: INTEGER 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.StreamItemsColumns.RAW_CONTACT_SOURCE_ID*

The source_id of the raw_contact that this row belongs to. 
(|android.provider.ContactsContract.RawContacts|) Type: TEXT read-only 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.StreamItemsColumns.RES_ICON*

The resource name of the icon for the source of the stream item. This resource 
should be scoped by the 
(|android.provider.ContactsContract.StreamItemsColumns|) . As this can only 
reference drawables, the "@drawable/" prefix must be omitted. Type: TEXT 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.StreamItemsColumns.RES_LABEL*

The resource name of the label describing the source of the status update, e.g. 
"Google Talk". This resource should be scoped by the 
(|android.provider.ContactsContract.StreamItemsColumns|) . As this can only 
reference strings, the "@string/" prefix must be omitted. Type: TEXT 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.StreamItemsColumns.RES_PACKAGE*

The package name to use when creating (|android.content.res.Resources|) objects 
for this stream item. This value is only designed for use when building user 
interfaces, and should not be used to infer the owner. Type: TEXT 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.StreamItemsColumns.SYNC1*

Generic column for use by sync adapters. 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.StreamItemsColumns.SYNC2*

Generic column for use by sync adapters. 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.StreamItemsColumns.SYNC3*

Generic column for use by sync adapters. 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.StreamItemsColumns.SYNC4*

Generic column for use by sync adapters. 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.StreamItemsColumns.TEXT*

The main textual contents of the item. Typically this is content that was 
posted by the source of this stream item, but it can also be a textual 
representation of an action (e.g. ”Checked in at Joe's”). This text is 
displayed to the user and allows formatting and embedded resource images via 
HTML (as parseable via (|android.text.Html|) ). 

Long content may be truncated and/or ellipsized - the exact behavior is 
unspecified, but it should not break tags. 

Type: TEXT 


*java.lang.String_android.provider.ContactsContract.StreamItemsColumns.TIMESTAMP*

The absolute time (milliseconds since epoch) when this stream item was 
inserted/updated. Type: NUMBER 



