*android.provider.CalendarContract.Events* *CalendarContract.Events* Constants a

public static final class CalendarContract.Events
  extends    |java.lang.Object|
  implements |android.provider.BaseColumns|
             |android.provider.CalendarContract.SyncColumns|
             |android.provider.CalendarContract.EventsColumns|
             |android.provider.CalendarContract.CalendarColumns|

|android.provider.CalendarContract.Events_Description|
|android.provider.CalendarContract.Events_Fields|
|android.provider.CalendarContract.Events_Constructors|
|android.provider.CalendarContract.Events_Methods|

================================================================================

*android.provider.CalendarContract.Events_Fields*
|android.net.Uri_android.provider.CalendarContract.Events.CONTENT_EXCEPTION_URI|
|android.net.Uri_android.provider.CalendarContract.Events.CONTENT_URI|
|java.lang.String[]_android.provider.CalendarContract.Events.PROVIDER_WRITABLE_COLUMNS|
|java.lang.String[]_android.provider.CalendarContract.Events.SYNC_WRITABLE_COLUMNS|

*android.provider.CalendarContract.Events_Description*

Constants and helpers for the Events table, which contains details for 
individual events. Operations All operations can be done either as an app or as 
a sync adapter. To perform an operation as a sync adapter 
(|android.provider.CalendarContract.Events|) should be set to true and 
(|android.provider.CalendarContract.Events|) and 
(|android.provider.CalendarContract.Events|) must be set in the Uri parameters. 
See (|Uri.Builder|) for details on adding parameters. Sync adapters have write 
access to more columns but are restricted to a single account at a time. 

Insert When inserting a new event the following fields must be included: 

dtstart dtend if the event is non-recurring duration if the event is recurring 
rrule or rdate if the event is recurring eventTimezone a calendar_id 

There are also further requirements when inserting or updating an event. See 
the section on Writing to Events. Update To perform an update of an Event the 
(|android.provider.CalendarContract.Events|) of the event should be provided 
either as an appended id to the Uri ( (|android.content.ContentUris|) ) or as 
the first selection item--the selection should start with "_id=?" and the first 
selectionArg should be the _id of the event. Updates may also be done using a 
selection and no id. Updating an event must respect the same rules as inserting 
and is further restricted in the fields that can be written. See the section on 
Writing to Events. Delete Events can be deleted either by the 
(|android.provider.CalendarContract.Events|) as an appended id on the Uri or 
using any standard selection. If an appended id is used a selection is not 
allowed. There are two versions of delete: as an app and as a sync adapter. An 
app delete will set the deleted column on an event and remove all instances of 
that event. A sync adapter delete will remove the event from the database and 
all associated data. Query Querying the Events table will get you all 
information about a set of events except their reminders, attendees, and 
extended properties. There will be one row returned for each event that matches 
the query selection, or at most a single row if the 
(|android.provider.CalendarContract.Events|) is appended to the Uri. Recurring 
events will only return a single row regardless of the number of times that 
event repeats. 

Writing to Events There are further restrictions on all Updates and Inserts in 
the Events table: 

If allDay is set to 1 eventTimezone must be (|android.text.format.Time|) and 
the time must correspond to a midnight boundary. Exceptions are not allowed to 
recur. If rrule or rdate is not empty, original_id and original_sync_id must be 
empty. In general a calendar_id should not be modified after insertion. This is 
not explicitly forbidden but many sync adapters will not behave in an expected 
way if the calendar_id is modified. 

The following Events columns are writable by both an app and a sync adapter. 

(|android.provider.CalendarContract.Events|) 
(|android.provider.CalendarContract.Events|) 
(|android.provider.CalendarContract.Events|) 
(|android.provider.CalendarContract.Events|) 
(|android.provider.CalendarContract.Events|) 
(|android.provider.CalendarContract.Events|) 
(|android.provider.CalendarContract.Events|) 
(|android.provider.CalendarContract.Events|) 
(|android.provider.CalendarContract.Events|) 
(|android.provider.CalendarContract.Events|) 
(|android.provider.CalendarContract.Events|) 
(|android.provider.CalendarContract.Events|) 
(|android.provider.CalendarContract.Events|) 
(|android.provider.CalendarContract.Events|) 
(|android.provider.CalendarContract.Events|) 
(|android.provider.CalendarContract.Events|) 
(|android.provider.CalendarContract.Events|) 
(|android.provider.CalendarContract.Events|) 
(|android.provider.CalendarContract.Events|) 
(|android.provider.CalendarContract.Events|) 
(|android.provider.CalendarContract.Events|) 
(|android.provider.CalendarContract.Events|) 
(|android.provider.CalendarContract.Events|) 
(|android.provider.CalendarContract.Events|) 
(|android.provider.CalendarContract.Events|) 
(|android.provider.CalendarContract.Events|) 
(|android.provider.CalendarContract.Events|) 
(|android.provider.CalendarContract.Events|) 

The following Events columns are writable only by a sync adapter 

(|android.provider.CalendarContract.Events|) 
(|android.provider.CalendarContract.Events|) 
(|android.provider.CalendarContract.Events|) 
(|android.provider.CalendarContract.Events|) 
(|android.provider.CalendarContract.Events|) 
(|android.provider.CalendarContract.Events|) 
(|android.provider.CalendarContract.Events|) 
(|android.provider.CalendarContract.Events|) 
(|android.provider.CalendarContract.Events|) 
(|android.provider.CalendarContract.Events|) 
(|android.provider.CalendarContract.Events|) 
(|android.provider.CalendarContract.Events|) 
(|android.provider.CalendarContract.Events|) 

The remaining columns are either updated by the provider only or are views into 
other tables and cannot be changed through the Events table. 



*android.net.Uri_android.provider.CalendarContract.Events.CONTENT_EXCEPTION_URI*

The content:// style URI for recurring event exceptions. Insertions require an 
appended event ID. Deletion of exceptions requires both the original event ID 
and the exception event ID (see (|Uri.Builder|) ). 


*android.net.Uri_android.provider.CalendarContract.Events.CONTENT_URI*

The content:// style URL for interacting with events. Appending an event id 
using (|android.content.ContentUris|) will specify a single event. 


*java.lang.String[]_android.provider.CalendarContract.Events.PROVIDER_WRITABLE_COLUMNS*

These are columns that should only ever be updated by the provider, either 
because they are views mapped to another table or because they are used for 
provider only functionality. TODO move to provider 


*java.lang.String[]_android.provider.CalendarContract.Events.SYNC_WRITABLE_COLUMNS*

These fields are only writable by a sync adapter. To modify them the caller 
must include CALLER_IS_SYNCADAPTER, _SYNC_ACCOUNT, and _SYNC_ACCOUNT_TYPE in 
the query parameters. TODO move to provider. 



