*android.text.method.BaseMovementMethod* *BaseMovementMethod* Base classes for m

public class BaseMovementMethod
  extends    |java.lang.Object|
  implements |android.text.method.MovementMethod|

|android.text.method.BaseMovementMethod_Description|
|android.text.method.BaseMovementMethod_Fields|
|android.text.method.BaseMovementMethod_Constructors|
|android.text.method.BaseMovementMethod_Methods|

================================================================================

*android.text.method.BaseMovementMethod_Constructors*
|android.text.method.BaseMovementMethod()|

*android.text.method.BaseMovementMethod_Methods*
|android.text.method.BaseMovementMethod.bottom(TextView,Spannable)|Performs a b
|android.text.method.BaseMovementMethod.canSelectArbitrarily()|
|android.text.method.BaseMovementMethod.down(TextView,Spannable)|Performs a dow
|android.text.method.BaseMovementMethod.end(TextView,Spannable)|Performs an end
|android.text.method.BaseMovementMethod.getMovementMetaState(Spannable,KeyEvent)|
|android.text.method.BaseMovementMethod.handleMovementKey(TextView,Spannable,int,int,KeyEvent)|
|android.text.method.BaseMovementMethod.home(TextView,Spannable)|Performs a hom
|android.text.method.BaseMovementMethod.initialize(TextView,Spannable)|
|android.text.method.BaseMovementMethod.left(TextView,Spannable)|Performs a lef
|android.text.method.BaseMovementMethod.leftWord(TextView,Spannable)|
|android.text.method.BaseMovementMethod.lineEnd(TextView,Spannable)|Performs a 
|android.text.method.BaseMovementMethod.lineStart(TextView,Spannable)|Performs 
|android.text.method.BaseMovementMethod.onGenericMotionEvent(TextView,Spannable,MotionEvent)|
|android.text.method.BaseMovementMethod.onKeyDown(TextView,Spannable,int,KeyEvent)|
|android.text.method.BaseMovementMethod.onKeyOther(TextView,Spannable,KeyEvent)|
|android.text.method.BaseMovementMethod.onKeyUp(TextView,Spannable,int,KeyEvent)|
|android.text.method.BaseMovementMethod.onTakeFocus(TextView,Spannable,int)|
|android.text.method.BaseMovementMethod.onTouchEvent(TextView,Spannable,MotionEvent)|
|android.text.method.BaseMovementMethod.onTrackballEvent(TextView,Spannable,MotionEvent)|
|android.text.method.BaseMovementMethod.pageDown(TextView,Spannable)|Performs a
|android.text.method.BaseMovementMethod.pageUp(TextView,Spannable)|Performs a p
|android.text.method.BaseMovementMethod.right(TextView,Spannable)|Performs a ri
|android.text.method.BaseMovementMethod.rightWord(TextView,Spannable)|
|android.text.method.BaseMovementMethod.scrollBottom(TextView,Spannable)|Perfor
|android.text.method.BaseMovementMethod.scrollDown(TextView,Spannable,int)|Perf
|android.text.method.BaseMovementMethod.scrollLeft(TextView,Spannable,int)|Perf
|android.text.method.BaseMovementMethod.scrollLineEnd(TextView,Spannable)|Perfo
|android.text.method.BaseMovementMethod.scrollLineStart(TextView,Spannable)|Per
|android.text.method.BaseMovementMethod.scrollPageDown(TextView,Spannable)|Perf
|android.text.method.BaseMovementMethod.scrollPageUp(TextView,Spannable)|Perfor
|android.text.method.BaseMovementMethod.scrollRight(TextView,Spannable,int)|Per
|android.text.method.BaseMovementMethod.scrollTop(TextView,Spannable)|Performs 
|android.text.method.BaseMovementMethod.scrollUp(TextView,Spannable,int)|Perfor
|android.text.method.BaseMovementMethod.top(TextView,Spannable)|Performs a top 
|android.text.method.BaseMovementMethod.up(TextView,Spannable)|Performs an up m

*android.text.method.BaseMovementMethod_Description*

Base classes for movement methods. 



*android.text.method.BaseMovementMethod()*

public BaseMovementMethod()




*android.text.method.BaseMovementMethod.bottom(TextView,Spannable)*

protected boolean bottom(
  android.widget.TextView widget,
  android.text.Spannable buffer)

Performs a bottom movement action. Moves the cursor or scrolls to the bottom of 
the buffer. 


    widget - The text view. 
    buffer - The text buffer. 

    Returns: True if the event was handled. 

*android.text.method.BaseMovementMethod.canSelectArbitrarily()*

public boolean canSelectArbitrarily()





*android.text.method.BaseMovementMethod.down(TextView,Spannable)*

protected boolean down(
  android.widget.TextView widget,
  android.text.Spannable buffer)

Performs a down movement action. Moves the cursor or scrolls down by one line. 


    widget - The text view. 
    buffer - The text buffer. 

    Returns: True if the event was handled. 

*android.text.method.BaseMovementMethod.end(TextView,Spannable)*

protected boolean end(
  android.widget.TextView widget,
  android.text.Spannable buffer)

Performs an end movement action. Moves the cursor or scrolls to the start of 
the line or to the top of the document depending on whether the insertion point 
is being moved or the document is being scrolled. 


    widget - The text view. 
    buffer - The text buffer. 

    Returns: True if the event was handled. 

*android.text.method.BaseMovementMethod.getMovementMetaState(Spannable,KeyEvent)*

protected int getMovementMetaState(
  android.text.Spannable buffer,
  android.view.KeyEvent event)

Gets the meta state used for movement using the modifiers tracked by the text 
buffer as well as those present in the key event. 

The movement meta state excludes the state of locked modifiers or the SHIFT key 
since they are not used by movement actions (but they may be used for 
selection). 


    buffer - The text buffer. 
    event - The key event. 

    Returns: The keyboard meta states used for movement. 

*android.text.method.BaseMovementMethod.handleMovementKey(TextView,Spannable,int,int,KeyEvent)*

protected boolean handleMovementKey(
  android.widget.TextView widget,
  android.text.Spannable buffer,
  int keyCode,
  int movementMetaState,
  android.view.KeyEvent event)

Performs a movement key action. The default implementation decodes the key down 
and invokes movement actions such as (|android.text.method.BaseMovementMethod|) 
and (|android.text.method.BaseMovementMethod|) . 
(|android.text.method.BaseMovementMethod|) calls this method once to handle an 
(|android.view.KeyEvent|) . (|android.text.method.BaseMovementMethod|) calls 
this method repeatedly to handle each repetition of an 
(|android.view.KeyEvent|) . 


    widget - The text view. 
    buffer - The text buffer. 
    event - The key event. 
    keyCode - The key code. 
    movementMetaState - The keyboard meta states used for movement. 
    event - The key event. 

    Returns: True if the event was handled. 

*android.text.method.BaseMovementMethod.home(TextView,Spannable)*

protected boolean home(
  android.widget.TextView widget,
  android.text.Spannable buffer)

Performs a home movement action. Moves the cursor or scrolls to the start of 
the line or to the top of the document depending on whether the insertion point 
is being moved or the document is being scrolled. 


    widget - The text view. 
    buffer - The text buffer. 

    Returns: True if the event was handled. 

*android.text.method.BaseMovementMethod.initialize(TextView,Spannable)*

public void initialize(
  android.widget.TextView widget,
  android.text.Spannable text)





*android.text.method.BaseMovementMethod.left(TextView,Spannable)*

protected boolean left(
  android.widget.TextView widget,
  android.text.Spannable buffer)

Performs a left movement action. Moves the cursor or scrolls left by one 
character. 


    widget - The text view. 
    buffer - The text buffer. 

    Returns: True if the event was handled. 

*android.text.method.BaseMovementMethod.leftWord(TextView,Spannable)*

protected boolean leftWord(
  android.widget.TextView widget,
  android.text.Spannable buffer)





*android.text.method.BaseMovementMethod.lineEnd(TextView,Spannable)*

protected boolean lineEnd(
  android.widget.TextView widget,
  android.text.Spannable buffer)

Performs a line-end movement action. Moves the cursor or scrolls to the end of 
the line. 


    widget - The text view. 
    buffer - The text buffer. 

    Returns: True if the event was handled. 

*android.text.method.BaseMovementMethod.lineStart(TextView,Spannable)*

protected boolean lineStart(
  android.widget.TextView widget,
  android.text.Spannable buffer)

Performs a line-start movement action. Moves the cursor or scrolls to the start 
of the line. 


    widget - The text view. 
    buffer - The text buffer. 

    Returns: True if the event was handled. 

*android.text.method.BaseMovementMethod.onGenericMotionEvent(TextView,Spannable,MotionEvent)*

public boolean onGenericMotionEvent(
  android.widget.TextView widget,
  android.text.Spannable text,
  android.view.MotionEvent event)





*android.text.method.BaseMovementMethod.onKeyDown(TextView,Spannable,int,KeyEvent)*

public boolean onKeyDown(
  android.widget.TextView widget,
  android.text.Spannable text,
  int keyCode,
  android.view.KeyEvent event)





*android.text.method.BaseMovementMethod.onKeyOther(TextView,Spannable,KeyEvent)*

public boolean onKeyOther(
  android.widget.TextView widget,
  android.text.Spannable text,
  android.view.KeyEvent event)





*android.text.method.BaseMovementMethod.onKeyUp(TextView,Spannable,int,KeyEvent)*

public boolean onKeyUp(
  android.widget.TextView widget,
  android.text.Spannable text,
  int keyCode,
  android.view.KeyEvent event)





*android.text.method.BaseMovementMethod.onTakeFocus(TextView,Spannable,int)*

public void onTakeFocus(
  android.widget.TextView widget,
  android.text.Spannable text,
  int direction)





*android.text.method.BaseMovementMethod.onTouchEvent(TextView,Spannable,MotionEvent)*

public boolean onTouchEvent(
  android.widget.TextView widget,
  android.text.Spannable text,
  android.view.MotionEvent event)





*android.text.method.BaseMovementMethod.onTrackballEvent(TextView,Spannable,MotionEvent)*

public boolean onTrackballEvent(
  android.widget.TextView widget,
  android.text.Spannable text,
  android.view.MotionEvent event)





*android.text.method.BaseMovementMethod.pageDown(TextView,Spannable)*

protected boolean pageDown(
  android.widget.TextView widget,
  android.text.Spannable buffer)

Performs a page-down movement action. Moves the cursor or scrolls down by one 
page. 


    widget - The text view. 
    buffer - The text buffer. 

    Returns: True if the event was handled. 

*android.text.method.BaseMovementMethod.pageUp(TextView,Spannable)*

protected boolean pageUp(
  android.widget.TextView widget,
  android.text.Spannable buffer)

Performs a page-up movement action. Moves the cursor or scrolls up by one page. 


    widget - The text view. 
    buffer - The text buffer. 

    Returns: True if the event was handled. 

*android.text.method.BaseMovementMethod.right(TextView,Spannable)*

protected boolean right(
  android.widget.TextView widget,
  android.text.Spannable buffer)

Performs a right movement action. Moves the cursor or scrolls right by one 
character. 


    widget - The text view. 
    buffer - The text buffer. 

    Returns: True if the event was handled. 

*android.text.method.BaseMovementMethod.rightWord(TextView,Spannable)*

protected boolean rightWord(
  android.widget.TextView widget,
  android.text.Spannable buffer)





*android.text.method.BaseMovementMethod.scrollBottom(TextView,Spannable)*

protected boolean scrollBottom(
  android.widget.TextView widget,
  android.text.Spannable buffer)

Performs a scroll to bottom action. Scrolls to the bottom of the document. 


    widget - The text view. 
    buffer - The text buffer. 

    Returns: True if the event was handled. 

*android.text.method.BaseMovementMethod.scrollDown(TextView,Spannable,int)*

protected boolean scrollDown(
  android.widget.TextView widget,
  android.text.Spannable buffer,
  int amount)

Performs a scroll down action. Scrolls down by the specified number of lines. 


    widget - The text view. 
    buffer - The text buffer. 
    amount - The number of lines to scroll by. Must be at least 1. 

    Returns: True if the event was handled. 

*android.text.method.BaseMovementMethod.scrollLeft(TextView,Spannable,int)*

protected boolean scrollLeft(
  android.widget.TextView widget,
  android.text.Spannable buffer,
  int amount)

Performs a scroll left action. Scrolls left by the specified number of 
characters. 


    widget - The text view. 
    buffer - The text buffer. 
    amount - The number of characters to scroll by. Must be at least 1. 

    Returns: True if the event was handled. 

*android.text.method.BaseMovementMethod.scrollLineEnd(TextView,Spannable)*

protected boolean scrollLineEnd(
  android.widget.TextView widget,
  android.text.Spannable buffer)

Performs a scroll to line end action. Scrolls to the end of the line. 


    widget - The text view. 
    buffer - The text buffer. 

    Returns: True if the event was handled. 

*android.text.method.BaseMovementMethod.scrollLineStart(TextView,Spannable)*

protected boolean scrollLineStart(
  android.widget.TextView widget,
  android.text.Spannable buffer)

Performs a scroll to line start action. Scrolls to the start of the line. 


    widget - The text view. 
    buffer - The text buffer. 

    Returns: True if the event was handled. 

*android.text.method.BaseMovementMethod.scrollPageDown(TextView,Spannable)*

protected boolean scrollPageDown(
  android.widget.TextView widget,
  android.text.Spannable buffer)

Performs a scroll page up action. Scrolls down by one page. 


    widget - The text view. 
    buffer - The text buffer. 

    Returns: True if the event was handled. 

*android.text.method.BaseMovementMethod.scrollPageUp(TextView,Spannable)*

protected boolean scrollPageUp(
  android.widget.TextView widget,
  android.text.Spannable buffer)

Performs a scroll page up action. Scrolls up by one page. 


    widget - The text view. 
    buffer - The text buffer. 

    Returns: True if the event was handled. 

*android.text.method.BaseMovementMethod.scrollRight(TextView,Spannable,int)*

protected boolean scrollRight(
  android.widget.TextView widget,
  android.text.Spannable buffer,
  int amount)

Performs a scroll right action. Scrolls right by the specified number of 
characters. 


    widget - The text view. 
    buffer - The text buffer. 
    amount - The number of characters to scroll by. Must be at least 1. 

    Returns: True if the event was handled. 

*android.text.method.BaseMovementMethod.scrollTop(TextView,Spannable)*

protected boolean scrollTop(
  android.widget.TextView widget,
  android.text.Spannable buffer)

Performs a scroll to top action. Scrolls to the top of the document. 


    widget - The text view. 
    buffer - The text buffer. 

    Returns: True if the event was handled. 

*android.text.method.BaseMovementMethod.scrollUp(TextView,Spannable,int)*

protected boolean scrollUp(
  android.widget.TextView widget,
  android.text.Spannable buffer,
  int amount)

Performs a scroll up action. Scrolls up by the specified number of lines. 


    widget - The text view. 
    buffer - The text buffer. 
    amount - The number of lines to scroll by. Must be at least 1. 

    Returns: True if the event was handled. 

*android.text.method.BaseMovementMethod.top(TextView,Spannable)*

protected boolean top(
  android.widget.TextView widget,
  android.text.Spannable buffer)

Performs a top movement action. Moves the cursor or scrolls to the top of the 
buffer. 


    widget - The text view. 
    buffer - The text buffer. 

    Returns: True if the event was handled. 

*android.text.method.BaseMovementMethod.up(TextView,Spannable)*

protected boolean up(
  android.widget.TextView widget,
  android.text.Spannable buffer)

Performs an up movement action. Moves the cursor or scrolls up by one line. 


    widget - The text view. 
    buffer - The text buffer. 

    Returns: True if the event was handled. 


