*android.speech.tts.TextToSpeech.Engine* *TextToSpeech.Engine* Constants and par

public class TextToSpeech.Engine
  extends    |java.lang.Object|

|android.speech.tts.TextToSpeech.Engine_Description|
|android.speech.tts.TextToSpeech.Engine_Fields|
|android.speech.tts.TextToSpeech.Engine_Constructors|
|android.speech.tts.TextToSpeech.Engine_Methods|

================================================================================

*android.speech.tts.TextToSpeech.Engine_Fields*
|java.lang.String_android.speech.tts.TextToSpeech.Engine.ACTION_CHECK_TTS_DATA|
|java.lang.String_android.speech.tts.TextToSpeech.Engine.ACTION_GET_SAMPLE_TEXT|
|java.lang.String_android.speech.tts.TextToSpeech.Engine.ACTION_INSTALL_TTS_DATA|
|java.lang.String_android.speech.tts.TextToSpeech.Engine.ACTION_TTS_DATA_INSTALLED|
|int_android.speech.tts.TextToSpeech.Engine.CHECK_VOICE_DATA_BAD_DATA|
|int_android.speech.tts.TextToSpeech.Engine.CHECK_VOICE_DATA_FAIL|
|int_android.speech.tts.TextToSpeech.Engine.CHECK_VOICE_DATA_MISSING_DATA|
|int_android.speech.tts.TextToSpeech.Engine.CHECK_VOICE_DATA_MISSING_VOLUME|
|int_android.speech.tts.TextToSpeech.Engine.CHECK_VOICE_DATA_PASS|
|java.lang.String_android.speech.tts.TextToSpeech.Engine.DEFAULT_ENGINE|
|float_android.speech.tts.TextToSpeech.Engine.DEFAULT_PAN|
|int_android.speech.tts.TextToSpeech.Engine.DEFAULT_PITCH|
|int_android.speech.tts.TextToSpeech.Engine.DEFAULT_RATE|
|int_android.speech.tts.TextToSpeech.Engine.DEFAULT_STREAM|
|float_android.speech.tts.TextToSpeech.Engine.DEFAULT_VOLUME|
|java.lang.String_android.speech.tts.TextToSpeech.Engine.EXTRA_AVAILABLE_VOICES|
|java.lang.String_android.speech.tts.TextToSpeech.Engine.EXTRA_CHECK_VOICE_DATA_FOR|
|java.lang.String_android.speech.tts.TextToSpeech.Engine.EXTRA_SAMPLE_TEXT|
|java.lang.String_android.speech.tts.TextToSpeech.Engine.EXTRA_TTS_DATA_INSTALLED|
|java.lang.String_android.speech.tts.TextToSpeech.Engine.EXTRA_UNAVAILABLE_VOICES|
|java.lang.String_android.speech.tts.TextToSpeech.Engine.EXTRA_VOICE_DATA_FILES|
|java.lang.String_android.speech.tts.TextToSpeech.Engine.EXTRA_VOICE_DATA_FILES_INFO|
|java.lang.String_android.speech.tts.TextToSpeech.Engine.EXTRA_VOICE_DATA_ROOT_DIRECTORY|
|java.lang.String_android.speech.tts.TextToSpeech.Engine.INTENT_ACTION_TTS_SERVICE|
|java.lang.String_android.speech.tts.TextToSpeech.Engine.KEY_FEATURE_EMBEDDED_SYNTHESIS|
|java.lang.String_android.speech.tts.TextToSpeech.Engine.KEY_FEATURE_NETWORK_SYNTHESIS|
|java.lang.String_android.speech.tts.TextToSpeech.Engine.KEY_PARAM_COUNTRY|
|java.lang.String_android.speech.tts.TextToSpeech.Engine.KEY_PARAM_ENGINE|
|java.lang.String_android.speech.tts.TextToSpeech.Engine.KEY_PARAM_LANGUAGE|
|java.lang.String_android.speech.tts.TextToSpeech.Engine.KEY_PARAM_PAN|
|java.lang.String_android.speech.tts.TextToSpeech.Engine.KEY_PARAM_PITCH|
|java.lang.String_android.speech.tts.TextToSpeech.Engine.KEY_PARAM_RATE|
|java.lang.String_android.speech.tts.TextToSpeech.Engine.KEY_PARAM_STREAM|
|java.lang.String_android.speech.tts.TextToSpeech.Engine.KEY_PARAM_UTTERANCE_ID|
|java.lang.String_android.speech.tts.TextToSpeech.Engine.KEY_PARAM_VARIANT|
|java.lang.String_android.speech.tts.TextToSpeech.Engine.KEY_PARAM_VOLUME|
|java.lang.String_android.speech.tts.TextToSpeech.Engine.SERVICE_META_DATA|
|int_android.speech.tts.TextToSpeech.Engine.USE_DEFAULTS|

*android.speech.tts.TextToSpeech.Engine_Constructors*
|android.speech.tts.TextToSpeech.Engine()|

*android.speech.tts.TextToSpeech.Engine_Description*

Constants and parameter names for controlling text-to-speech. These include: 



Intents to ask engine to install data or check its data and extras for a TTS 
engine's check data activity. 

Keys for the parameters passed with speak commands, e.g. 
(|android.speech.tts.TextToSpeech.Engine|) , 
(|android.speech.tts.TextToSpeech.Engine|) . 

A list of feature strings that engines might support, e.g 
(|android.speech.tts.TextToSpeech.Engine|) ). These values may be passed in to 
(|android.speech.tts.TextToSpeech|) and (|android.speech.tts.TextToSpeech|) to 
modify engine behaviour. The engine can be queried for the set of features it 
supports through (|android.speech.tts.TextToSpeech|) . 





*java.lang.String_android.speech.tts.TextToSpeech.Engine.ACTION_CHECK_TTS_DATA*

Activity Action: Starts the activity from the platform TextToSpeech engine to 
verify the proper installation and availability of the resource files on the 
system. Upon completion, the activity will return one of the following codes: 
(|android.speech.tts.TextToSpeech.Engine|) , 
(|android.speech.tts.TextToSpeech.Engine|) , Moreover, the data received in the 
activity result will contain the following fields: 

(|android.speech.tts.TextToSpeech.Engine|) which contains an ArrayList of all 
the available voices. The format of each voice is: lang-COUNTRY-variant where 
COUNTRY and variant are optional (ie, "eng" or "eng-USA" or "eng-USA-FEMALE"). 
(|android.speech.tts.TextToSpeech.Engine|) which contains an ArrayList of all 
the unavailable voices (ones that user can install). The format of each voice 
is: lang-COUNTRY-variant where COUNTRY and variant are optional (ie, "eng" or 
"eng-USA" or "eng-USA-FEMALE"). 


*java.lang.String_android.speech.tts.TextToSpeech.Engine.ACTION_GET_SAMPLE_TEXT*

Activity intent for getting some sample text to use for demonstrating TTS. 
Specific locale have to be requested by passing following extra parameters: 

language country variant 

Upon completion, the activity result may contain the following fields: 

(|android.speech.tts.TextToSpeech.Engine|) which contains an String with sample 
text. 


*java.lang.String_android.speech.tts.TextToSpeech.Engine.ACTION_INSTALL_TTS_DATA*

Activity Action: Triggers the platform TextToSpeech engine to start the 
activity that installs the resource files on the device that are required for 
TTS to be operational. Since the installation of the data can be interrupted or 
declined by the user, the application shouldn't expect successful installation 
upon return from that intent, and if need be, should check installation status 
with (|android.speech.tts.TextToSpeech.Engine|) . 


*java.lang.String_android.speech.tts.TextToSpeech.Engine.ACTION_TTS_DATA_INSTALLED*

Broadcast Action: broadcast to signal the change in the list of available 
languages or/and their features. 


*int_android.speech.tts.TextToSpeech.Engine.CHECK_VOICE_DATA_BAD_DATA*

Indicates erroneous data when checking the installation status of the resources 
used by the TextToSpeech engine with the 
(|android.speech.tts.TextToSpeech.Engine|) intent. 


*int_android.speech.tts.TextToSpeech.Engine.CHECK_VOICE_DATA_FAIL*

Indicates failure when checking the installation status of the resources used 
by the TextToSpeech engine with the (|android.speech.tts.TextToSpeech.Engine|) 
intent. 


*int_android.speech.tts.TextToSpeech.Engine.CHECK_VOICE_DATA_MISSING_DATA*

Indicates missing resources when checking the installation status of the 
resources used by the TextToSpeech engine with the 
(|android.speech.tts.TextToSpeech.Engine|) intent. 


*int_android.speech.tts.TextToSpeech.Engine.CHECK_VOICE_DATA_MISSING_VOLUME*

Indicates missing storage volume when checking the installation status of the 
resources used by the TextToSpeech engine with the 
(|android.speech.tts.TextToSpeech.Engine|) intent. 


*int_android.speech.tts.TextToSpeech.Engine.CHECK_VOICE_DATA_PASS*

Indicates success when checking the installation status of the resources used 
by the TextToSpeech engine with the (|android.speech.tts.TextToSpeech.Engine|) 
intent. 


*java.lang.String_android.speech.tts.TextToSpeech.Engine.DEFAULT_ENGINE*

Package name of the default TTS engine. 


*float_android.speech.tts.TextToSpeech.Engine.DEFAULT_PAN*

Default pan (centered). 


*int_android.speech.tts.TextToSpeech.Engine.DEFAULT_PITCH*

Default pitch. 


*int_android.speech.tts.TextToSpeech.Engine.DEFAULT_RATE*

Default speech rate. 


*int_android.speech.tts.TextToSpeech.Engine.DEFAULT_STREAM*

Default audio stream used when playing synthesized speech. 


*float_android.speech.tts.TextToSpeech.Engine.DEFAULT_VOLUME*

Default volume. 


*java.lang.String_android.speech.tts.TextToSpeech.Engine.EXTRA_AVAILABLE_VOICES*

Extra information received with the (|android.speech.tts.TextToSpeech.Engine|) 
intent result where the TextToSpeech engine returns an ArrayList of all the 
available voices. The format of each voice is: lang-COUNTRY-variant where 
COUNTRY and variant are optional (ie, "eng" or "eng-USA" or "eng-USA-FEMALE"). 


*java.lang.String_android.speech.tts.TextToSpeech.Engine.EXTRA_CHECK_VOICE_DATA_FOR*

Extra information sent with the (|android.speech.tts.TextToSpeech.Engine|) 
intent where the caller indicates to the TextToSpeech engine which specific 
sets of voice data to check for by sending an ArrayList of the voices that are 
of interest. The format of each voice is: lang-COUNTRY-variant where COUNTRY 
and variant are optional (ie, "eng" or "eng-USA" or "eng-USA-FEMALE"). 


*java.lang.String_android.speech.tts.TextToSpeech.Engine.EXTRA_SAMPLE_TEXT*

Extra information received with the (|android.speech.tts.TextToSpeech.Engine|) 
intent result where the TextToSpeech engine returns an String with sample text 
for requested voice 


*java.lang.String_android.speech.tts.TextToSpeech.Engine.EXTRA_TTS_DATA_INSTALLED*

Extra information received with the (|android.speech.tts.TextToSpeech.Engine|) 
intent result. It indicates whether the data files for the synthesis engine 
were successfully installed. The installation was initiated with the 
(|android.speech.tts.TextToSpeech.Engine|) intent. The possible values for this 
extra are (|android.speech.tts.TextToSpeech|) and 
(|android.speech.tts.TextToSpeech|) . 


*java.lang.String_android.speech.tts.TextToSpeech.Engine.EXTRA_UNAVAILABLE_VOICES*

Extra information received with the (|android.speech.tts.TextToSpeech.Engine|) 
intent result where the TextToSpeech engine returns an ArrayList of all the 
unavailable voices. The format of each voice is: lang-COUNTRY-variant where 
COUNTRY and variant are optional (ie, "eng" or "eng-USA" or "eng-USA-FEMALE"). 


*java.lang.String_android.speech.tts.TextToSpeech.Engine.EXTRA_VOICE_DATA_FILES*

Extra information received with the (|android.speech.tts.TextToSpeech.Engine|) 
intent result where the TextToSpeech engine specifies the file names of its 
resources under the resource path. 


*java.lang.String_android.speech.tts.TextToSpeech.Engine.EXTRA_VOICE_DATA_FILES_INFO*

Extra information received with the (|android.speech.tts.TextToSpeech.Engine|) 
intent result where the TextToSpeech engine specifies the locale associated 
with each resource file. 


*java.lang.String_android.speech.tts.TextToSpeech.Engine.EXTRA_VOICE_DATA_ROOT_DIRECTORY*

Extra information received with the (|android.speech.tts.TextToSpeech.Engine|) 
intent result where the TextToSpeech engine specifies the path to its 
resources. 

It may be used by language packages to find out where to put their data. 


*java.lang.String_android.speech.tts.TextToSpeech.Engine.INTENT_ACTION_TTS_SERVICE*

Intent for starting a TTS service. Services that handle this intent must extend 
(|android.speech.tts.TextToSpeechService|) . Normal applications should not use 
this intent directly, instead they should talk to the TTS service using the the 
methods in this class. 


*java.lang.String_android.speech.tts.TextToSpeech.Engine.KEY_FEATURE_EMBEDDED_SYNTHESIS*

Feature key for embedded synthesis. See (|android.speech.tts.TextToSpeech|) for 
a description of how feature keys work. If set and supported by the engine as 
per (|android.speech.tts.TextToSpeech|) , the engine must synthesize text 
on-device (without making network requests). 


*java.lang.String_android.speech.tts.TextToSpeech.Engine.KEY_FEATURE_NETWORK_SYNTHESIS*

Feature key for network synthesis. See (|android.speech.tts.TextToSpeech|) for 
a description of how feature keys work. If set (and supported by the engine as 
per (|android.speech.tts.TextToSpeech|) , the engine must use network based 
synthesis. 


*java.lang.String_android.speech.tts.TextToSpeech.Engine.KEY_PARAM_COUNTRY*




*java.lang.String_android.speech.tts.TextToSpeech.Engine.KEY_PARAM_ENGINE*




*java.lang.String_android.speech.tts.TextToSpeech.Engine.KEY_PARAM_LANGUAGE*




*java.lang.String_android.speech.tts.TextToSpeech.Engine.KEY_PARAM_PAN*

Parameter key to specify how the speech is panned from left to right when 
speaking text. Pan is specified as a float ranging from -1 to +1 where -1 maps 
to a hard-left pan, 0 to center (the default behavior), and +1 to hard-right. 


*java.lang.String_android.speech.tts.TextToSpeech.Engine.KEY_PARAM_PITCH*




*java.lang.String_android.speech.tts.TextToSpeech.Engine.KEY_PARAM_RATE*




*java.lang.String_android.speech.tts.TextToSpeech.Engine.KEY_PARAM_STREAM*

Parameter key to specify the audio stream type to be used when speaking text or 
playing back a file. The value should be one of the STREAM_ constants defined 
in (|AudioManager|) . 


*java.lang.String_android.speech.tts.TextToSpeech.Engine.KEY_PARAM_UTTERANCE_ID*

Parameter key to identify an utterance in the 
(|android.speech.tts.TextToSpeech.OnUtteranceCompletedListener|) after text has 
been spoken, a file has been played back or a silence duration has elapsed. 


*java.lang.String_android.speech.tts.TextToSpeech.Engine.KEY_PARAM_VARIANT*




*java.lang.String_android.speech.tts.TextToSpeech.Engine.KEY_PARAM_VOLUME*

Parameter key to specify the speech volume relative to the current stream type 
volume used when speaking text. Volume is specified as a float ranging from 0 
to 1 where 0 is silence, and 1 is the maximum volume (the default behavior). 


*java.lang.String_android.speech.tts.TextToSpeech.Engine.SERVICE_META_DATA*

Name under which a text to speech engine publishes information about itself. 
This meta-data should reference an XML resource containing a < 
tts-engine(|android.R.styleable|) > tag. 


*int_android.speech.tts.TextToSpeech.Engine.USE_DEFAULTS*

Default value for (|Settings.Secure|) . 



*android.speech.tts.TextToSpeech.Engine()*

public TextToSpeech.Engine()




