*android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserView* *ActivityChooserView* T

public class ActivityChooserView
  extends    |ViewGroup|
  implements |android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserModel.ActivityChooserModelClient|

|android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserView_Description|
|android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserView_Fields|
|android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserView_Constructors|
|android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserView_Methods|

================================================================================

*android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserView_Constructors*
|android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserView(Context)|Create a new i
|android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserView(Context,AttributeSet)|C
|android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserView(Context,AttributeSet,int)|

*android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserView_Methods*
|android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserView.dismissPopup()|Dismisse
|android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserView.getDataModel()|
|android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserView.isShowingPopup()|Gets w
|android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserView.onAttachedToWindow()|
|android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserView.onDetachedFromWindow()|
|android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserView.onLayout(boolean,int,int,int,int)|
|android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserView.onMeasure(int,int)|
|android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserView.setActivityChooserModel(ActivityChooserModel)|
|android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserView.setDefaultActionButtonContentDescription(int)|
|android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserView.setExpandActivityOverflowButtonContentDescription(int)|
|android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserView.setExpandActivityOverflowButtonDrawable(Drawable)|
|android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserView.setInitialActivityCount(int)|
|android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserView.setOnDismissListener(PopupWindow.OnDismissListener)|
|android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserView.setProvider(ActionProvider)|
|android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserView.showPopup()|Shows the p

*android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserView_Description*

This class is a view for choosing an activity for handling a given (|Intent|) . 

The view is composed of two adjacent buttons: 

The left button is an immediate action and allows one click activity choosing. 
Tapping this button immediately executes the intent without requiring any 
further user input. Long press on this button shows a popup for changing the 
default activity. 

The right button is an overflow action and provides an optimized menu of 
additional activities. Tapping this button shows a popup anchored to this view, 
listing the most frequently used activities. This list is initially limited to 
a small number of items in frequency used order. The last item, "Show all..." 
serves as an affordance to display all available activities. 





*android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserView(Context)*

public ActivityChooserView(Context context)

Create a new instance. 

    context - The application environment. 

*android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserView(Context,AttributeSet)*

public ActivityChooserView(
  Context context,
  AttributeSet attrs)

Create a new instance. 

    context - The application environment. 
    attrs - A collection of attributes. 

*android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserView(Context,AttributeSet,int)*

public ActivityChooserView(
  Context context,
  AttributeSet attrs,
  int defStyle)

Create a new instance. 

    context - The application environment. 
    attrs - A collection of attributes. 
    defStyle - The default style to apply to this view. 

*android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserView.dismissPopup()*

public boolean dismissPopup()

Dismisses the popup window with activities. 



    Returns: True if dismissed, false if already dismissed. 

*android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserView.getDataModel()*

public |android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserModel| getDataModel()





*android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserView.isShowingPopup()*

public boolean isShowingPopup()

Gets whether the popup window with activities is shown. 



    Returns: True if the popup is shown. 

*android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserView.onAttachedToWindow()*

protected void onAttachedToWindow()





*android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserView.onDetachedFromWindow()*

protected void onDetachedFromWindow()





*android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserView.onLayout(boolean,int,int,int,int)*

protected void onLayout(
  boolean changed,
  int left,
  int top,
  int right,
  int bottom)





*android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserView.onMeasure(int,int)*

protected void onMeasure(
  int widthMeasureSpec,
  int heightMeasureSpec)





*android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserView.setActivityChooserModel(ActivityChooserModel)*

public void setActivityChooserModel(android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserModel dataModel)





*android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserView.setDefaultActionButtonContentDescription(int)*

public void setDefaultActionButtonContentDescription(int resourceId)

Sets a content description of the default action button. This resource should 
be a string taking one formatting argument and will be used for formatting the 
content description of the button dynamically as the default target changes. 
For example, a resource pointing to the string "share with %1$s" will result in 
a content description "share with Bluetooth" for the Bluetooth activity. 


    resourceId - The resource id. 

*android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserView.setExpandActivityOverflowButtonContentDescription(int)*

public void setExpandActivityOverflowButtonContentDescription(int resourceId)

Sets the content description for the button that expands the activity overflow 
list. 

description as a clue about the action performed by the button. For example, if 
a share activity is to be chosen the content description should be something 
like "Share with". 


    resourceId - The content description resource id. 

*android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserView.setExpandActivityOverflowButtonDrawable(Drawable)*

public void setExpandActivityOverflowButtonDrawable(Drawable drawable)

Sets the background for the button that expands the activity overflow list. 

Note: Clients would like to set this drawable as a clue about the action the 
chosen activity will perform. For example, if a share activity is to be chosen 
the drawable should give a clue that sharing is to be performed. 


    drawable - The drawable. 

*android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserView.setInitialActivityCount(int)*

public void setInitialActivityCount(int itemCount)

Sets the initial count of items shown in the activities popup i.e. the items 
before the popup is expanded. This is an upper bound since it is not guaranteed 
that such number of intent handlers exist. 


    itemCount - The initial popup item count. 

*android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserView.setOnDismissListener(PopupWindow.OnDismissListener)*

public void setOnDismissListener(PopupWindow.OnDismissListener listener)

Sets a listener to receive a callback when the popup is dismissed. 


    listener - The listener to be notified. 

*android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserView.setProvider(ActionProvider)*

public void setProvider(ActionProvider provider)

Set the provider hosting this view, if applicable. 



*android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActivityChooserView.showPopup()*

public boolean showPopup()

Shows the popup window with activities. 



    Returns: True if the popup was shown, false if already showing. 


