*android.inputmethodservice.InputMethodService.Insets* *InputMethodService.Insets* 

public static final class InputMethodService.Insets
  extends    |java.lang.Object|

|android.inputmethodservice.InputMethodService.Insets_Description|
|android.inputmethodservice.InputMethodService.Insets_Fields|
|android.inputmethodservice.InputMethodService.Insets_Constructors|
|android.inputmethodservice.InputMethodService.Insets_Methods|

================================================================================

*android.inputmethodservice.InputMethodService.Insets_Fields*
|int_android.inputmethodservice.InputMethodService.Insets.contentTopInsets|
|int_android.inputmethodservice.InputMethodService.Insets.TOUCHABLE_INSETS_CONTENT|
|int_android.inputmethodservice.InputMethodService.Insets.TOUCHABLE_INSETS_FRAME|
|int_android.inputmethodservice.InputMethodService.Insets.TOUCHABLE_INSETS_REGION|
|int_android.inputmethodservice.InputMethodService.Insets.TOUCHABLE_INSETS_VISIBLE|
|int_android.inputmethodservice.InputMethodService.Insets.touchableInsets|
|Region_android.inputmethodservice.InputMethodService.Insets.touchableRegion|
|int_android.inputmethodservice.InputMethodService.Insets.visibleTopInsets|

*android.inputmethodservice.InputMethodService.Insets_Constructors*
|android.inputmethodservice.InputMethodService.Insets()|

*android.inputmethodservice.InputMethodService.Insets_Description*

Information about where interesting parts of the input method UI appear. 



*int_android.inputmethodservice.InputMethodService.Insets.contentTopInsets*

This is the top part of the UI that is the main content. It is used to 
determine the basic space needed, to resize/pan the application behind. It is 
assumed that this inset does not change very much, since any change will cause 
a full resize/pan of the application behind. This value is relative to the top 
edge of the input method window. 


*int_android.inputmethodservice.InputMethodService.Insets.TOUCHABLE_INSETS_CONTENT*

Option for (|android.inputmethodservice.InputMethodService.Insets|) : the area 
inside of the content insets can be touched. 


*int_android.inputmethodservice.InputMethodService.Insets.TOUCHABLE_INSETS_FRAME*

Option for (|android.inputmethodservice.InputMethodService.Insets|) : the 
entire window frame can be touched. 


*int_android.inputmethodservice.InputMethodService.Insets.TOUCHABLE_INSETS_REGION*

Option for (|android.inputmethodservice.InputMethodService.Insets|) : the 
region specified by (|android.inputmethodservice.InputMethodService.Insets|) 
can be touched. 


*int_android.inputmethodservice.InputMethodService.Insets.TOUCHABLE_INSETS_VISIBLE*

Option for (|android.inputmethodservice.InputMethodService.Insets|) : the area 
inside of the visible insets can be touched. 


*int_android.inputmethodservice.InputMethodService.Insets.touchableInsets*

Determine which area of the window is touchable by the user. May be one of: 
(|android.inputmethodservice.InputMethodService.Insets|) , 
(|android.inputmethodservice.InputMethodService.Insets|) , 
(|android.inputmethodservice.InputMethodService.Insets|) , or 
(|android.inputmethodservice.InputMethodService.Insets|) . 


*Region_android.inputmethodservice.InputMethodService.Insets.touchableRegion*

This is the region of the UI that is touchable. It is used when 
(|android.inputmethodservice.InputMethodService.Insets|) is set to 
(|android.inputmethodservice.InputMethodService.Insets|) . The region should be 
specified relative to the origin of the window frame. 


*int_android.inputmethodservice.InputMethodService.Insets.visibleTopInsets*

This is the top part of the UI that is visibly covering the application behind 
it. This provides finer-grained control over visibility, allowing you to change 
it relatively frequently (such as hiding or showing candidates) without 
disrupting the underlying UI too much. For example, this will never resize the 
application UI, will only pan if needed to make the current focus visible, and 
will not aggressively move the pan position when this changes unless needed to 
make the focus visible. This value is relative to the top edge of the input 
method window. 



*android.inputmethodservice.InputMethodService.Insets()*

public InputMethodService.Insets()




