*android.view.MotionEvent.PointerCoords* *MotionEvent.PointerCoords* Transfer ob

public static final class MotionEvent.PointerCoords
  extends    |java.lang.Object|

|android.view.MotionEvent.PointerCoords_Description|
|android.view.MotionEvent.PointerCoords_Fields|
|android.view.MotionEvent.PointerCoords_Constructors|
|android.view.MotionEvent.PointerCoords_Methods|

================================================================================

*android.view.MotionEvent.PointerCoords_Fields*
|float_android.view.MotionEvent.PointerCoords.orientation|
|float_android.view.MotionEvent.PointerCoords.pressure|
|float_android.view.MotionEvent.PointerCoords.size|
|float_android.view.MotionEvent.PointerCoords.toolMajor|
|float_android.view.MotionEvent.PointerCoords.toolMinor|
|float_android.view.MotionEvent.PointerCoords.touchMajor|
|float_android.view.MotionEvent.PointerCoords.touchMinor|
|float_android.view.MotionEvent.PointerCoords.x|
|float_android.view.MotionEvent.PointerCoords.y|

*android.view.MotionEvent.PointerCoords_Constructors*
|android.view.MotionEvent.PointerCoords()|Creates a pointer coords object with 
|android.view.MotionEvent.PointerCoords(MotionEvent.PointerCoords)|Creates a po

*android.view.MotionEvent.PointerCoords_Methods*
|android.view.MotionEvent.PointerCoords.clear()|Clears the contents of this obj
|android.view.MotionEvent.PointerCoords.copyFrom(MotionEvent.PointerCoords)|Cop
|android.view.MotionEvent.PointerCoords.createArray(int)|
|android.view.MotionEvent.PointerCoords.getAxisValue(int)|Gets the value associ
|android.view.MotionEvent.PointerCoords.setAxisValue(int,float)|Sets the value 

*android.view.MotionEvent.PointerCoords_Description*

Transfer object for pointer coordinates. 

Objects of this type can be used to specify the pointer coordinates when 
creating new (|android.view.MotionEvent|) objects and to query pointer 
coordinates in bulk. 

Refer to (|android.view.InputDevice|) for information about how different kinds 
of input devices and sources represent pointer coordinates. 



*float_android.view.MotionEvent.PointerCoords.orientation*

The orientation of the touch area and tool area in radians clockwise from 
vertical. An angle of 0 radians indicates that the major axis of contact is 
oriented upwards, is perfectly circular or is of unknown orientation. A 
positive angle indicates that the major axis of contact is oriented to the 
right. A negative angle indicates that the major axis of contact is oriented to 
the left. The full range is from -PI/2 radians (finger pointing fully left) to 
PI/2 radians (finger pointing fully right). 


*float_android.view.MotionEvent.PointerCoords.pressure*

A normalized value that describes the pressure applied to the device by a 
finger or other tool. The pressure generally ranges from 0 (no pressure at all) 
to 1 (normal pressure), although values higher than 1 may be generated 
depending on the calibration of the input device. 


*float_android.view.MotionEvent.PointerCoords.size*

A normalized value that describes the approximate size of the pointer touch 
area in relation to the maximum detectable size of the device. It represents 
some approximation of the area of the screen being pressed; the actual value in 
pixels corresponding to the touch is normalized with the device specific range 
of values and scaled to a value between 0 and 1. The value of size can be used 
to determine fat touch events. 


*float_android.view.MotionEvent.PointerCoords.toolMajor*

The length of the major axis of an ellipse that describes the size of the 
approaching tool. The tool area represents the estimated size of the finger or 
pen that is touching the device independent of its actual touch area at the 
point of contact. If the device is a touch screen, the length is reported in 
pixels, otherwise it is reported in device-specific units. 


*float_android.view.MotionEvent.PointerCoords.toolMinor*

The length of the minor axis of an ellipse that describes the size of the 
approaching tool. The tool area represents the estimated size of the finger or 
pen that is touching the device independent of its actual touch area at the 
point of contact. If the device is a touch screen, the length is reported in 
pixels, otherwise it is reported in device-specific units. 


*float_android.view.MotionEvent.PointerCoords.touchMajor*

The length of the major axis of an ellipse that describes the touch area at the 
point of contact. If the device is a touch screen, the length is reported in 
pixels, otherwise it is reported in device-specific units. 


*float_android.view.MotionEvent.PointerCoords.touchMinor*

The length of the minor axis of an ellipse that describes the touch area at the 
point of contact. If the device is a touch screen, the length is reported in 
pixels, otherwise it is reported in device-specific units. 


*float_android.view.MotionEvent.PointerCoords.x*

The X component of the pointer movement. 


*float_android.view.MotionEvent.PointerCoords.y*

The Y component of the pointer movement. 



*android.view.MotionEvent.PointerCoords()*

public MotionEvent.PointerCoords()

Creates a pointer coords object with all axes initialized to zero. 


*android.view.MotionEvent.PointerCoords(MotionEvent.PointerCoords)*

public MotionEvent.PointerCoords(android.view.MotionEvent.PointerCoords other)

Creates a pointer coords object as a copy of the contents of another pointer 
coords object. 

    other - The pointer coords object to copy. 

*android.view.MotionEvent.PointerCoords.clear()*

public void clear()

Clears the contents of this object. Resets all axes to zero. 



*android.view.MotionEvent.PointerCoords.copyFrom(MotionEvent.PointerCoords)*

public void copyFrom(android.view.MotionEvent.PointerCoords other)

Copies the contents of another pointer coords object. 


    other - The pointer coords object to copy. 

*android.view.MotionEvent.PointerCoords.createArray(int)*

public static |android.view.MotionEvent.PointerCoords|[] createArray(int size)





*android.view.MotionEvent.PointerCoords.getAxisValue(int)*

public float getAxisValue(int axis)

Gets the value associated with the specified axis. 


    axis - The axis identifier for the axis value to retrieve. 

    Returns: The value associated with the axis, or 0 if none. 

*android.view.MotionEvent.PointerCoords.setAxisValue(int,float)*

public void setAxisValue(
  int axis,
  float value)

Sets the value associated with the specified axis. 


    axis - The axis identifier for the axis value to assign. 
    value - The value to set. 


