*java.nio.file.attribute.DosFileAttributeView* *DosFileAttributeView* A file att

public interface interface DosFileAttributeView

  implements |java.nio.file.attribute.BasicFileAttributeView|

|java.nio.file.attribute.DosFileAttributeView_Description|
|java.nio.file.attribute.DosFileAttributeView_Fields|
|java.nio.file.attribute.DosFileAttributeView_Constructors|
|java.nio.file.attribute.DosFileAttributeView_Methods|

================================================================================

*java.nio.file.attribute.DosFileAttributeView_Methods*
|java.nio.file.attribute.DosFileAttributeView.name()|Returns the name of the at
|java.nio.file.attribute.DosFileAttributeView.readAttributes()|
|java.nio.file.attribute.DosFileAttributeView.setArchive(boolean)|Updates the v
|java.nio.file.attribute.DosFileAttributeView.setHidden(boolean)|Updates the va
|java.nio.file.attribute.DosFileAttributeView.setReadOnly(boolean)|Updates the 
|java.nio.file.attribute.DosFileAttributeView.setSystem(boolean)|Updates the va

*java.nio.file.attribute.DosFileAttributeView_Description*

A file attribute view that provides a view of the legacy "DOS" file attributes. 
These attributes are supported by file systems such as the File Allocation 
Table (FAT) format commonly used in consumer devices. 

ADosFileAttributeViewis a (|java.nio.file.attribute.BasicFileAttributeView|) 
that additionally supports access to the set of DOS attribute flags that are 
used to indicate if the file is read-only, hidden, a system file, or archived. 

Where dynamic access to file attributes is required, the attributes supported 
by this attribute view are as defined byBasicFileAttributeView, and in 
addition, the following attributes are supported: 



Name Type 

readonly (|java.lang.Boolean|) 

hidden (|java.lang.Boolean|) 

system (|java.lang.Boolean|) 

archive (|java.lang.Boolean|) 



The getAttribute(|java.nio.file.Files|) method may be used to read any of these 
attributes, or any of the attributes defined by 
(|java.nio.file.attribute.BasicFileAttributeView|) as if by invoking the 
readAttributes()(|java.nio.file.attribute.DosFileAttributeView|) method. 

The setAttribute(|java.nio.file.Files|) method may be used to update the file's 
last modified time, last access time or create time attributes as defined by 
(|java.nio.file.attribute.BasicFileAttributeView|) . It may also be used to 
update the DOS attributes as if by invoking the 
setReadOnly(|java.nio.file.attribute.DosFileAttributeView|) , 
setHidden(|java.nio.file.attribute.DosFileAttributeView|) , 
setSystem(|java.nio.file.attribute.DosFileAttributeView|) , and 
setArchive(|java.nio.file.attribute.DosFileAttributeView|) methods 
respectively. 



*java.nio.file.attribute.DosFileAttributeView.name()*

public |java.lang.String| name()

Returns the name of the attribute view. Attribute views of this type have the 
name"dos". 



*java.nio.file.attribute.DosFileAttributeView.readAttributes()*

public |java.nio.file.attribute.DosFileAttributes| readAttributes()
  throws |java.io.IOException|
         




*java.nio.file.attribute.DosFileAttributeView.setArchive(boolean)*

public void setArchive(boolean value)
  throws |java.io.IOException|
         
Updates the value of the archive attribute. 

It is implementation specific if the attribute can be updated as an atomic 
operation with respect to other file system operations. An implementation may, 
for example, require to read the existing value of the DOS attribute in order 
to update this attribute. 


    value - the new value of the attribute 

*java.nio.file.attribute.DosFileAttributeView.setHidden(boolean)*

public void setHidden(boolean value)
  throws |java.io.IOException|
         
Updates the value of the hidden attribute. 

It is implementation specific if the attribute can be updated as an atomic 
operation with respect to other file system operations. An implementation may, 
for example, require to read the existing value of the DOS attribute in order 
to update this attribute. 


    value - the new value of the attribute 

*java.nio.file.attribute.DosFileAttributeView.setReadOnly(boolean)*

public void setReadOnly(boolean value)
  throws |java.io.IOException|
         
Updates the value of the read-only attribute. 

It is implementation specific if the attribute can be updated as an atomic 
operation with respect to other file system operations. An implementation may, 
for example, require to read the existing value of the DOS attribute in order 
to update this attribute. 


    value - the new value of the attribute 

*java.nio.file.attribute.DosFileAttributeView.setSystem(boolean)*

public void setSystem(boolean value)
  throws |java.io.IOException|
         
Updates the value of the system attribute. 

It is implementation specific if the attribute can be updated as an atomic 
operation with respect to other file system operations. An implementation may, 
for example, require to read the existing value of the DOS attribute in order 
to update this attribute. 


    value - the new value of the attribute 


