*javax.activation.FileDataSource* *FileDataSource* The FileDataSource class impl

public class FileDataSource
  extends    |java.lang.Object|
  implements |javax.activation.DataSource|

|javax.activation.FileDataSource_Description|
|javax.activation.FileDataSource_Fields|
|javax.activation.FileDataSource_Constructors|
|javax.activation.FileDataSource_Methods|

================================================================================

*javax.activation.FileDataSource_Constructors*
|javax.activation.FileDataSource(File)|Creates a FileDataSource from a File obj
|javax.activation.FileDataSource(String)|Creates a FileDataSource from  the spe

*javax.activation.FileDataSource_Methods*
|javax.activation.FileDataSource.getContentType()|This method returns the MIME 
|javax.activation.FileDataSource.getFile()|Return the File object that correspo
|javax.activation.FileDataSource.getInputStream()|This method will return an In
|javax.activation.FileDataSource.getName()|Return the name of this object.
|javax.activation.FileDataSource.getOutputStream()|This method will return an O
|javax.activation.FileDataSource.setFileTypeMap(FileTypeMap)|Set the FileTypeMa

*javax.activation.FileDataSource_Description*

The FileDataSource class implements a simple DataSource object that 
encapsulates a file. It provides data typing services via a FileTypeMap object. 

FileDataSource Typing Semantics 

The FileDataSource class delegates data typing of files to an object subclassed 
from the FileTypeMap class. The setFileTypeMap method can be used to explicitly 
set the FileTypeMap for an instance of FileDataSource. If no FileTypeMap is 
set, the FileDataSource will call the FileTypeMap's getDefaultFileTypeMap 
method to get the System's default FileTypeMap. 



*javax.activation.FileDataSource(File)*

public FileDataSource(java.io.File file)

Creates a FileDataSource from a File object. Note: The file will not actually 
be opened until a method is called that requires the file to be opened. 

    file - the file 

*javax.activation.FileDataSource(String)*

public FileDataSource(java.lang.String name)

Creates a FileDataSource from the specified path name. Note: The file will not 
actually be opened until a method is called that requires the file to be 
opened. 

    name - the system-dependent file name. 

*javax.activation.FileDataSource.getContentType()*

public |java.lang.String| getContentType()

This method returns the MIME type of the data in the form of a string. This 
method uses the currently installed FileTypeMap. If there is no FileTypeMap 
explictly set, the FileDataSource will call the getDefaultFileTypeMap method on 
FileTypeMap to acquire a default FileTypeMap. Note: By default, the FileTypeMap 
used will be a MimetypesFileTypeMap. 



    Returns: the MIME Type 

*javax.activation.FileDataSource.getFile()*

public |java.io.File| getFile()

Return the File object that corresponds to this FileDataSource. 



    Returns: the File object for the file represented by this object. 

*javax.activation.FileDataSource.getInputStream()*

public |java.io.InputStream| getInputStream()
  throws |java.io.IOException|
         
This method will return an InputStream representing the the data and will throw 
an IOException if it can not do so. This method will return a new instance of 
InputStream with each invocation. 



    Returns: an InputStream 

*javax.activation.FileDataSource.getName()*

public |java.lang.String| getName()

Return the name of this object. The FileDataSource will return the file name of 
the object. 



    Returns: the name of the object. 

*javax.activation.FileDataSource.getOutputStream()*

public |java.io.OutputStream| getOutputStream()
  throws |java.io.IOException|
         
This method will return an OutputStream representing the the data and will 
throw an IOException if it can not do so. This method will return a new 
instance of OutputStream with each invocation. 



    Returns: an OutputStream 

*javax.activation.FileDataSource.setFileTypeMap(FileTypeMap)*

public void setFileTypeMap(javax.activation.FileTypeMap map)

Set the FileTypeMap to use with this FileDataSource 


    map - The FileTypeMap for this object. 


