*javax.management.modelmbean.ModelMBeanNotificationInfo* *ModelMBeanNotificationInfo* 

public class ModelMBeanNotificationInfo
  extends    |javax.management.MBeanNotificationInfo|
  implements |javax.management.DescriptorAccess|

|javax.management.modelmbean.ModelMBeanNotificationInfo_Description|
|javax.management.modelmbean.ModelMBeanNotificationInfo_Fields|
|javax.management.modelmbean.ModelMBeanNotificationInfo_Constructors|
|javax.management.modelmbean.ModelMBeanNotificationInfo_Methods|

================================================================================

*javax.management.modelmbean.ModelMBeanNotificationInfo_Constructors*
|javax.management.modelmbean.ModelMBeanNotificationInfo(ModelMBeanNotificationInfo)|
|javax.management.modelmbean.ModelMBeanNotificationInfo(String[],String,String)|
|javax.management.modelmbean.ModelMBeanNotificationInfo(String[],String,String,Descriptor)|

*javax.management.modelmbean.ModelMBeanNotificationInfo_Methods*
|javax.management.modelmbean.ModelMBeanNotificationInfo.clone()|Creates and ret
|javax.management.modelmbean.ModelMBeanNotificationInfo.getDescriptor()|Returns
|javax.management.modelmbean.ModelMBeanNotificationInfo.setDescriptor(Descriptor)|
|javax.management.modelmbean.ModelMBeanNotificationInfo.toString()|Returns a hu

*javax.management.modelmbean.ModelMBeanNotificationInfo_Description*

The ModelMBeanNotificationInfo object describes a notification emitted by a 
ModelMBean. It is a subclass of MBeanNotificationInfo with the addition of an 
associated Descriptor and an implementation of the Descriptor interface. 

The fields in the descriptor are defined, but not limited to, the following. 
Note that when the Type in this table is Number, a String that is the decimal 
representation of a Long can also be used. 

NameTypeMeaning nameString Notification name. descriptorTypeString Must be 
"notification". severityNumber 0-6 where 0: unknown; 1: non-recoverable; 2: 
critical, failure; 3: major, severe; 4: minor, marginal, error; 5: warning; 6: 
normal, cleared, informative messageIDString Unique key for message text (to 
allow translation, analysis). messageTextString Text of notification. logString 
T - log message, F - do not log message. logfileString fully qualified file 
name appropriate for operating system. visibilityNumber 1-4 where 1: always 
visible 4: rarely visible. presentationStringString XML formatted string to 
allow presentation of data. 

The default descriptor contains the name, descriptorType, displayName and 
severity(=6) fields. The default value of the name and displayName fields is 
the name of the Notification class (as specified by the name parameter of the 
ModelMBeanNotificationInfo constructor). 

The serialVersionUID of this class is -7445681389570207141L. 



*javax.management.modelmbean.ModelMBeanNotificationInfo(ModelMBeanNotificationInfo)*

public ModelMBeanNotificationInfo(javax.management.modelmbean.ModelMBeanNotificationInfo inInfo)

Constructs a new ModelMBeanNotificationInfo object from this 
ModelMBeanNotfication Object. 

    inInfo - the ModelMBeanNotificationInfo to be duplicated 

*javax.management.modelmbean.ModelMBeanNotificationInfo(String[],String,String)*

public ModelMBeanNotificationInfo(
  java.lang.String[] notifTypes,
  java.lang.String name,
  java.lang.String description)

Constructs a ModelMBeanNotificationInfo object with a default descriptor. 

    notifTypes - The array of strings (in dot notation) containing the notification types that 
       may be emitted. 
    name - The name of the Notification class. 
    description - A human readable description of the Notification. Optional. 

*javax.management.modelmbean.ModelMBeanNotificationInfo(String[],String,String,Descriptor)*

public ModelMBeanNotificationInfo(
  java.lang.String[] notifTypes,
  java.lang.String name,
  java.lang.String description,
  javax.management.Descriptor descriptor)

Constructs a ModelMBeanNotificationInfo object. 

    notifTypes - The array of strings (in dot notation) containing the notification types that 
       may be emitted. 
    name - The name of the Notification class. 
    description - A human readable description of the Notification. Optional. 
    descriptor - An instance of Descriptor containing the appropriate metadata for this instance 
       of the MBeanNotificationInfo. If it is null a default descriptor will be 
       created. If the descriptor does not contain the fields "displayName" or 
       "severity", the missing ones are added with their default values. 

*javax.management.modelmbean.ModelMBeanNotificationInfo.clone()*

public |java.lang.Object| clone()

Creates and returns a new ModelMBeanNotificationInfo which is a duplicate of 
this ModelMBeanNotificationInfo. 



*javax.management.modelmbean.ModelMBeanNotificationInfo.getDescriptor()*

public |javax.management.Descriptor| getDescriptor()

Returns a copy of the associated Descriptor for the ModelMBeanNotificationInfo. 



    Returns: Descriptor associated with the ModelMBeanNotificationInfo object. 

*javax.management.modelmbean.ModelMBeanNotificationInfo.setDescriptor(Descriptor)*

public void setDescriptor(javax.management.Descriptor inDescriptor)

Sets associated Descriptor (full replace) for the ModelMBeanNotificationInfo If 
the new Descriptor is null, then the associated Descriptor reverts to a default 
descriptor. The Descriptor is validated before it is assigned. If the new 
Descriptor is invalid, then a RuntimeOperationsException wrapping an 
IllegalArgumentException is thrown. 


    inDescriptor - replaces the Descriptor associated with the ModelMBeanNotification interface 

*javax.management.modelmbean.ModelMBeanNotificationInfo.toString()*

public |java.lang.String| toString()

Returns a human readable string containing ModelMBeanNotificationInfo. 



    Returns: a string describing this object. 


