*javax.smartcardio.CardPermission* *CardPermission* A permission for Smart Card 

public class CardPermission
  extends    |java.security.Permission|

|javax.smartcardio.CardPermission_Description|
|javax.smartcardio.CardPermission_Fields|
|javax.smartcardio.CardPermission_Constructors|
|javax.smartcardio.CardPermission_Methods|

================================================================================

*javax.smartcardio.CardPermission_Constructors*
|javax.smartcardio.CardPermission(String,String)|Constructs a new CardPermissio

*javax.smartcardio.CardPermission_Methods*
|javax.smartcardio.CardPermission.equals(Object)|Compares the specified object 
|javax.smartcardio.CardPermission.getActions()|Returns the canonical string rep
|javax.smartcardio.CardPermission.hashCode()|Returns the hash code value for th
|javax.smartcardio.CardPermission.implies(Permission)|Checks if this CardPermis

*javax.smartcardio.CardPermission_Description*

A permission for Smart Card operations. A CardPermission consists of the name 
of the card terminal the permission applies to and a set of actions that are 
valid for that terminal. 

A CardPermission with a name of * applies to all card terminals. The actions 
string is a comma separated list of the actions listed below, or * to signify 
"all actions." 

Individual actions are: 

connect connect to a card using 
CardTerminal.connect()(|javax.smartcardio.CardTerminal|) reset reset the card 
using Card.disconnect(true)(|javax.smartcardio.Card|) exclusive establish 
exclusive access to a card using (|javax.smartcardio.Card|) and 
endExclusive()(|javax.smartcardio.Card|) transmitControl transmit a control 
command using Card.transmitControlCommand()(|javax.smartcardio.Card|) 
getBasicChannel obtain the basic logical channel using 
(|javax.smartcardio.Card|) openLogicalChannel open a new logical channel using 
(|javax.smartcardio.Card|) 



*javax.smartcardio.CardPermission(String,String)*

public CardPermission(
  java.lang.String terminalName,
  java.lang.String actions)

Constructs a new CardPermission with the specified actions. terminalName is the 
name of a CardTerminal or * if this permission applies to all terminals. 
actions contains a comma-separated list of the individual actions or * to 
signify all actions. For more information, see the documentation at the top of 
this class(|javax.smartcardio.CardPermission|) . 

    terminalName - the name of the card terminal, or * 
    actions - the action string (or null if the set of permitted actions is empty) 

*javax.smartcardio.CardPermission.equals(Object)*

public boolean equals(java.lang.Object obj)

Compares the specified object with this CardPermission for equality. This 
CardPermission is equal to another Object object, if and only if 

object is an instance of CardPermission, this.getName() is equal to 
((CardPermission)object).getName(), and this.getActions() is equal to 
((CardPermission)object).getActions(). 


    obj - the object to be compared for equality with this CardPermission 

    Returns: true if and only if the specified object is equal to this CardPermission 

*javax.smartcardio.CardPermission.getActions()*

public |java.lang.String| getActions()

Returns the canonical string representation of the actions. It is * to signify 
all actions defined by this class or the string concatenation of the 
comma-separated, lexicographically sorted list of individual actions. 



    Returns: the canonical string representation of the actions. 

*javax.smartcardio.CardPermission.hashCode()*

public int hashCode()

Returns the hash code value for this CardPermission object. 



    Returns: the hash code value for this CardPermission object. 

*javax.smartcardio.CardPermission.implies(Permission)*

public boolean implies(java.security.Permission permission)

Checks if this CardPermission object implies the specified permission. That is 
the case, if and only if 

permission is an instance of CardPermission, permission's actions are a proper 
subset of this object's actions, and this object's getName() method is either * 
or equal to permission's name. 




    permission - the permission to check against 

    Returns: true if and only if this CardPermission object implies the specified 
             permission. 


