*javax.net.ssl.SSLPermission* *SSLPermission* This class is for various network 

public final class SSLPermission
  extends    |java.security.BasicPermission|

|javax.net.ssl.SSLPermission_Description|
|javax.net.ssl.SSLPermission_Fields|
|javax.net.ssl.SSLPermission_Constructors|
|javax.net.ssl.SSLPermission_Methods|

================================================================================

*javax.net.ssl.SSLPermission_Constructors*
|javax.net.ssl.SSLPermission(String)|Creates a new SSLPermission with the speci
|javax.net.ssl.SSLPermission(String,String)|Creates a new SSLPermission object 

*javax.net.ssl.SSLPermission_Description*

This class is for various network permissions. An SSLPermission contains a name 
(also referred to as a "target name") but no actions list; you either have the 
named permission or you don't. 

The target name is the name of the network permission (see below). The naming 
convention follows the hierarchical property naming convention. Also, an 
asterisk may appear at the end of the name, following a ".", or by itself, to 
signify a wildcard match. For example: "foo.*" or "*" is valid, "*foo" or "a*b" 
is not valid. 

The following table lists all the possible SSLPermission target names, and for 
each provides a description of what the permission allows and a discussion of 
the risks of granting code the permission. 



Permission Target Name What the Permission Allows Risks of Allowing this 
Permission 

setHostnameVerifier The ability to set a callback which can decide whether to 
allow a mismatch between the host being connected to by an HttpsURLConnection 
and the common name field in server certificate. 

Malicious code can set a verifier that monitors host names visited by 
HttpsURLConnection requests or that allows server certificates with invalid 
common names. 



getSSLSessionContext The ability to get the SSLSessionContext of an SSLSession. 

Malicious code may monitor sessions which have been established with SSL peers 
or might invalidate sessions to slow down performance. 



setDefaultSSLContext The ability to set the default SSL context 

Malicious code can set a context that monitors the opening of connections or 
the plaintext data that is transmitted. 







*javax.net.ssl.SSLPermission(String)*

public SSLPermission(java.lang.String name)

Creates a new SSLPermission with the specified name. The name is the symbolic 
name of the SSLPermission, such as "setDefaultAuthenticator", etc. An asterisk 
may appear at the end of the name, following a ".", or by itself, to signify a 
wildcard match. 

    name - the name of the SSLPermission. 

*javax.net.ssl.SSLPermission(String,String)*

public SSLPermission(
  java.lang.String name,
  java.lang.String actions)

Creates a new SSLPermission object with the specified name. The name is the 
symbolic name of the SSLPermission, and the actions String is currently unused 
and should be null. 

    name - the name of the SSLPermission. 
    actions - ignored. 

