*java.nio.channels.NetworkChannel* *NetworkChannel* A channel to a network socke

public interface interface NetworkChannel

  implements |java.nio.channels.Channel|

|java.nio.channels.NetworkChannel_Description|
|java.nio.channels.NetworkChannel_Fields|
|java.nio.channels.NetworkChannel_Constructors|
|java.nio.channels.NetworkChannel_Methods|

================================================================================

*java.nio.channels.NetworkChannel_Methods*
|java.nio.channels.NetworkChannel.bind(SocketAddress)|Binds the channel's socke
|java.nio.channels.NetworkChannel.getLocalAddress()|Returns the socket address 
|java.nio.channels.NetworkChannel.getOption(SocketOption<T>)|Returns the value 
|java.nio.channels.NetworkChannel.setOption(SocketOption<T>,T)|Sets the value o
|java.nio.channels.NetworkChannel.supportedOptions()|Returns a set of the socke

*java.nio.channels.NetworkChannel_Description*

A channel to a network socket. 

A channel that implements this interface is a channel to a network socket. The 
bind(|java.nio.channels.NetworkChannel|) method is used to bind the socket to a 
local address(|java.net.SocketAddress|) , the 
getLocalAddress(|java.nio.channels.NetworkChannel|) method returns the address 
that the socket is bound to, and the 
setOption(|java.nio.channels.NetworkChannel|) and 
getOption(|java.nio.channels.NetworkChannel|) methods are used to set and query 
socket options. An implementation of this interface should specify the socket 
options that it supports. 

The bind(|java.nio.channels.NetworkChannel|) and 
setOption(|java.nio.channels.NetworkChannel|) methods that do not otherwise 
have a value to return are specified to return the network channel upon which 
they are invoked. This allows method invocations to be chained. Implementations 
of this interface should specialize the return type so that method invocations 
on the implementation class can be chained. 



*java.nio.channels.NetworkChannel.bind(SocketAddress)*

public |java.nio.channels.NetworkChannel| bind(java.net.SocketAddress local)
  throws |java.io.IOException|
         
Binds the channel's socket to a local address. 

This method is used to establish an association between the socket and a local 
address. Once an association is established then the socket remains bound until 
the channel is closed. If thelocalparameter has the valuenullthen the socket 
will be bound to an address that is assigned automatically. 


    local - The address to bind the socket, or {@code null} to bind the socket to an 
       automatically assigned socket address 

    Returns: 

*java.nio.channels.NetworkChannel.getLocalAddress()*

public |java.net.SocketAddress| getLocalAddress()
  throws |java.io.IOException|
         
Returns the socket address that this channel's socket is bound to, ornullif the 
socket is not bound. 

Where the channel is bound(|java.nio.channels.NetworkChannel|) to an Internet 
Protocol socket address then the return value from this method is of type 
(|java.net.InetSocketAddress|) . 



    Returns: The socket address that the socket is bound to, or {@code null} if the 
             channel's socket is not bound 

*java.nio.channels.NetworkChannel.getOption(SocketOption<T>)*

public |T| getOption(java.net.SocketOption<T> name)
  throws |java.io.IOException|
         
Returns the value of a socket option. 


    name - The socket option 

    Returns: The value of the socket option. A value of {@code null} may be a valid value 
             for some socket options. 

*java.nio.channels.NetworkChannel.setOption(SocketOption<T>,T)*

public |java.nio.channels.NetworkChannel| setOption(
  java.net.SocketOption<T> name,
  T value)
  throws |java.io.IOException|
         
Sets the value of a socket option. 


    name - The socket option 
    value - The value of the socket option. A value of {@code null} may be a valid value 
       for some socket options. 

    Returns: 

*java.nio.channels.NetworkChannel.supportedOptions()*

public |java.util.Set|<SocketOption<?>> supportedOptions()

Returns a set of the socket options supported by this channel. 

This method will continue to return the set of options even after the channel 
has been closed. 



    Returns: A set of the socket options supported by this channel 


