*javax.smartcardio.CardTerminals* *CardTerminals* The set of terminals supported

public abstract class CardTerminals
  extends    |java.lang.Object|

|javax.smartcardio.CardTerminals_Description|
|javax.smartcardio.CardTerminals_Fields|
|javax.smartcardio.CardTerminals_Constructors|
|javax.smartcardio.CardTerminals_Methods|

================================================================================

*javax.smartcardio.CardTerminals_Constructors*
|javax.smartcardio.CardTerminals()|Constructs a new CardTerminals object.

*javax.smartcardio.CardTerminals_Methods*
|javax.smartcardio.CardTerminals.getTerminal(String)|Returns the terminal with 
|javax.smartcardio.CardTerminals.list()|Returns an unmodifiable list of all ava
|javax.smartcardio.CardTerminals.list(CardTerminals.State)|Returns an unmodifia
|javax.smartcardio.CardTerminals.waitForChange()|Waits for card insertion or re
|javax.smartcardio.CardTerminals.waitForChange(long)|Waits for card insertion o

*javax.smartcardio.CardTerminals_Description*

The set of terminals supported by a TerminalFactory. This class allows 
applications to enumerate the available CardTerminals, obtain a specific 
CardTerminal, or wait for the insertion or removal of cards. 

This class is multi-threading safe and can be used by multiple threads 
concurrently. However, this object keeps track of the card presence state of 
each of its terminals. Multiple objects should be used if independent calls to 
(|javax.smartcardio.CardTerminals|) are required. 

Applications can obtain instances of this class by calling 
(|javax.smartcardio.TerminalFactory|) . 



*javax.smartcardio.CardTerminals()*

protected CardTerminals()

Constructs a new CardTerminals object. 

This constructor is called by subclasses only. Application should call 
(|javax.smartcardio.TerminalFactory|) to obtain a CardTerminals object. 


*javax.smartcardio.CardTerminals.getTerminal(String)*

public |javax.smartcardio.CardTerminal| getTerminal(java.lang.String name)

Returns the terminal with the specified name or null if no such terminal 
exists. 



    Returns: the terminal with the specified name or null if no such terminal exists. 

*javax.smartcardio.CardTerminals.list()*

public |java.util.List|<CardTerminal> list()
  throws |javax.smartcardio.CardException|
         
Returns an unmodifiable list of all available terminals. 



    Returns: an unmodifiable list of all available terminals. 

*javax.smartcardio.CardTerminals.list(CardTerminals.State)*

public abstract |java.util.List|<CardTerminal> list(javax.smartcardio.CardTerminals.State state)
  throws |javax.smartcardio.CardException|
         
Returns an unmodifiable list of all terminals matching the specified state. 

If state is State.ALL(|javax.smartcardio.CardTerminals.State|) , this method 
returns all CardTerminals encapsulated by this object. If state is 
State.CARD_PRESENT(|javax.smartcardio.CardTerminals.State|) or 
State.CARD_ABSENT(|javax.smartcardio.CardTerminals.State|) , it returns all 
CardTerminals where a card is currently present or absent, respectively. 

If state is State.CARD_INSERTION(|javax.smartcardio.CardTerminals.State|) or 
State.CARD_REMOVAL(|javax.smartcardio.CardTerminals.State|) , it returns all 
CardTerminals for which an insertion (or removal, respectively) was detected 
during the last call to (|javax.smartcardio.CardTerminals|) . If 
waitForChange() has not been called on this object, CARD_INSERTION is 
equivalent to CARD_PRESENT and CARD_REMOVAL is equivalent to CARD_ABSENT. For 
an example of the use of CARD_INSERTION, see 
(|javax.smartcardio.CardTerminals|) . 


    state - the State 

    Returns: an unmodifiable list of all terminals matching the specified attribute. 

*javax.smartcardio.CardTerminals.waitForChange()*

public void waitForChange()
  throws |javax.smartcardio.CardException|
         
Waits for card insertion or removal in any of the terminals of this object. 

This call is equivalent to calling 
waitForChange(0)(|javax.smartcardio.CardTerminals|) . 



*javax.smartcardio.CardTerminals.waitForChange(long)*

public abstract boolean waitForChange(long timeout)
  throws |javax.smartcardio.CardException|
         
Waits for card insertion or removal in any of the terminals of this object or 
until the timeout expires. 

This method examines each CardTerminal of this object. If a card was inserted 
into or removed from a CardTerminal since the previous call to waitForChange(), 
it returns immediately. Otherwise, or if this is the first call to 
waitForChange() on this object, it blocks until a card is inserted into or 
removed from a CardTerminal. 

If timeout is greater than 0, the method returns after timeout milliseconds 
even if there is no change in state. In that case, this method returns false; 
otherwise it returns true. 

This method is often used in a loop in combination with 
list(State.CARD_INSERTION)(|javax.smartcardio.CardTerminals|) , for example: 

TerminalFactory factory = ...; CardTerminals terminals = factory.terminals(); 
while (true) { for (CardTerminal terminal : terminals.list(CARD_INSERTION)) { 
// examine Card in terminal, return if it matches } terminals.waitForChange(); 
} 


    timeout - if positive, block for up to timeout milliseconds; if zero, block indefinitely; 
       must not be negative 

    Returns: false if the method returns due to an expired timeout, true otherwise. 


