*java.beans.PropertyChangeSupport* *PropertyChangeSupport* This is a utility cla

public class PropertyChangeSupport
  extends    |java.lang.Object|
  implements |java.io.Serializable|

|java.beans.PropertyChangeSupport_Description|
|java.beans.PropertyChangeSupport_Fields|
|java.beans.PropertyChangeSupport_Constructors|
|java.beans.PropertyChangeSupport_Methods|

================================================================================

*java.beans.PropertyChangeSupport_Constructors*
|java.beans.PropertyChangeSupport(Object)|Constructs a PropertyChangeSupport ob

*java.beans.PropertyChangeSupport_Methods*
|java.beans.PropertyChangeSupport.addPropertyChangeListener(PropertyChangeListener)|
|java.beans.PropertyChangeSupport.addPropertyChangeListener(String,PropertyChangeListener)|
|java.beans.PropertyChangeSupport.fireIndexedPropertyChange(String,int,boolean,boolean)|
|java.beans.PropertyChangeSupport.fireIndexedPropertyChange(String,int,int,int)|
|java.beans.PropertyChangeSupport.fireIndexedPropertyChange(String,int,Object,Object)|
|java.beans.PropertyChangeSupport.firePropertyChange(PropertyChangeEvent)|Fires
|java.beans.PropertyChangeSupport.firePropertyChange(String,boolean,boolean)|Re
|java.beans.PropertyChangeSupport.firePropertyChange(String,int,int)|Reports an
|java.beans.PropertyChangeSupport.firePropertyChange(String,Object,Object)|Repo
|java.beans.PropertyChangeSupport.getPropertyChangeListeners()|Returns an array
|java.beans.PropertyChangeSupport.getPropertyChangeListeners(String)|Returns an
|java.beans.PropertyChangeSupport.hasListeners(String)|Check if there are any l
|java.beans.PropertyChangeSupport.removePropertyChangeListener(PropertyChangeListener)|
|java.beans.PropertyChangeSupport.removePropertyChangeListener(String,PropertyChangeListener)|

*java.beans.PropertyChangeSupport_Description*

This is a utility class that can be used by beans that support bound 
properties. It manages a list of listeners and dispatches 
(|java.beans.PropertyChangeEvent|) s to them. You can use an instance of this 
class as a member field of your bean and delegate these types of work to it. 
The (|java.beans.PropertyChangeListener|) can be registered for all properties 
or for a property specified by name. 

Here is an example ofPropertyChangeSupportusage that follows the rules and 
recommendations laid out in the JavaBeans specification: 

public class MyBean { private final PropertyChangeSupport pcs = new 
PropertyChangeSupport(this); 

public void addPropertyChangeListener(PropertyChangeListener listener) { 
this.pcs.addPropertyChangeListener(listener); } 

public void removePropertyChangeListener(PropertyChangeListener listener) { 
this.pcs.removePropertyChangeListener(listener); } 

private String value; 

public String getValue() { return this.value; } 

public void setValue(String newValue) { String oldValue = this.value; 
this.value = newValue; this.pcs.firePropertyChange("value", oldValue, 
newValue); } 

[...] } 

APropertyChangeSupportinstance is thread-safe. 

This class is serializable. When it is serialized it will save (and restore) 
any listeners that are themselves serializable. Any non-serializable listeners 
will be skipped during serialization. 



*java.beans.PropertyChangeSupport(Object)*

public PropertyChangeSupport(java.lang.Object sourceBean)

Constructs a PropertyChangeSupport object. 

    sourceBean - The bean to be given as the source for any events. 

*java.beans.PropertyChangeSupport.addPropertyChangeListener(PropertyChangeListener)*

public void addPropertyChangeListener(java.beans.PropertyChangeListener listener)

Add a PropertyChangeListener to the listener list. The listener is registered 
for all properties. The same listener object may be added more than once, and 
will be called as many times as it is added. If listener is null, no exception 
is thrown and no action is taken. 


    listener - The PropertyChangeListener to be added 

*java.beans.PropertyChangeSupport.addPropertyChangeListener(String,PropertyChangeListener)*

public void addPropertyChangeListener(
  java.lang.String propertyName,
  java.beans.PropertyChangeListener listener)

Add a PropertyChangeListener for a specific property. The listener will be 
invoked only when a call on firePropertyChange names that specific property. 
The same listener object may be added more than once. For each property, the 
listener will be invoked the number of times it was added for that property. If 
propertyName or listener is null, no exception is thrown and no action is 
taken. 


    propertyName - The name of the property to listen on. 
    listener - The PropertyChangeListener to be added 

*java.beans.PropertyChangeSupport.fireIndexedPropertyChange(String,int,boolean,boolean)*

public void fireIndexedPropertyChange(
  java.lang.String propertyName,
  int index,
  boolean oldValue,
  boolean newValue)

Reports a boolean bound indexed property update to listeners that have been 
registered to track updates of all properties or a property with the specified 
name. 

No event is fired if old and new values are equal. 

This is merely a convenience wrapper around the more general 
(|java.beans.PropertyChangeSupport|) method. 


    propertyName - the programmatic name of the property that was changed 
    index - the index of the property element that was changed 
    oldValue - the old value of the property 
    newValue - the new value of the property 

*java.beans.PropertyChangeSupport.fireIndexedPropertyChange(String,int,int,int)*

public void fireIndexedPropertyChange(
  java.lang.String propertyName,
  int index,
  int oldValue,
  int newValue)

Reports an integer bound indexed property update to listeners that have been 
registered to track updates of all properties or a property with the specified 
name. 

No event is fired if old and new values are equal. 

This is merely a convenience wrapper around the more general 
(|java.beans.PropertyChangeSupport|) method. 


    propertyName - the programmatic name of the property that was changed 
    index - the index of the property element that was changed 
    oldValue - the old value of the property 
    newValue - the new value of the property 

*java.beans.PropertyChangeSupport.fireIndexedPropertyChange(String,int,Object,Object)*

public void fireIndexedPropertyChange(
  java.lang.String propertyName,
  int index,
  java.lang.Object oldValue,
  java.lang.Object newValue)

Reports a bound indexed property update to listeners that have been registered 
to track updates of all properties or a property with the specified name. 

No event is fired if old and new values are equal and non-null. 

This is merely a convenience wrapper around the more general 
(|java.beans.PropertyChangeSupport|) method. 


    propertyName - the programmatic name of the property that was changed 
    index - the index of the property element that was changed 
    oldValue - the old value of the property 
    newValue - the new value of the property 

*java.beans.PropertyChangeSupport.firePropertyChange(PropertyChangeEvent)*

public void firePropertyChange(java.beans.PropertyChangeEvent event)

Fires a property change event to listeners that have been registered to track 
updates of all properties or a property with the specified name. 

No event is fired if the given event's old and new values are equal and 
non-null. 


    event - the {@code PropertyChangeEvent} to be fired 

*java.beans.PropertyChangeSupport.firePropertyChange(String,boolean,boolean)*

public void firePropertyChange(
  java.lang.String propertyName,
  boolean oldValue,
  boolean newValue)

Reports a boolean bound property update to listeners that have been registered 
to track updates of all properties or a property with the specified name. 

No event is fired if old and new values are equal. 

This is merely a convenience wrapper around the more general 
(|java.beans.PropertyChangeSupport|) method. 


    propertyName - the programmatic name of the property that was changed 
    oldValue - the old value of the property 
    newValue - the new value of the property 

*java.beans.PropertyChangeSupport.firePropertyChange(String,int,int)*

public void firePropertyChange(
  java.lang.String propertyName,
  int oldValue,
  int newValue)

Reports an integer bound property update to listeners that have been registered 
to track updates of all properties or a property with the specified name. 

No event is fired if old and new values are equal. 

This is merely a convenience wrapper around the more general 
(|java.beans.PropertyChangeSupport|) method. 


    propertyName - the programmatic name of the property that was changed 
    oldValue - the old value of the property 
    newValue - the new value of the property 

*java.beans.PropertyChangeSupport.firePropertyChange(String,Object,Object)*

public void firePropertyChange(
  java.lang.String propertyName,
  java.lang.Object oldValue,
  java.lang.Object newValue)

Reports a bound property update to listeners that have been registered to track 
updates of all properties or a property with the specified name. 

No event is fired if old and new values are equal and non-null. 

This is merely a convenience wrapper around the more general 
(|java.beans.PropertyChangeSupport|) method. 


    propertyName - the programmatic name of the property that was changed 
    oldValue - the old value of the property 
    newValue - the new value of the property 

*java.beans.PropertyChangeSupport.getPropertyChangeListeners()*

public |java.beans.PropertyChangeListener|[] getPropertyChangeListeners()

Returns an array of all the listeners that were added to the 
PropertyChangeSupport object with addPropertyChangeListener(). 

If some listeners have been added with a named property, then the returned 
array will be a mixture of PropertyChangeListeners and 
PropertyChangeListenerProxys. If the calling method is interested in 
distinguishing the listeners then it must test each element to see if it's a 
PropertyChangeListenerProxy, perform the cast, and examine the parameter. 



PropertyChangeListener[] listeners = bean.getPropertyChangeListeners(); for 
(int i = 0; i < listeners.length; i++) { if (listeners[i] instanceof 
PropertyChangeListenerProxy) { PropertyChangeListenerProxy proxy = 
(PropertyChangeListenerProxy)listeners[i]; if 
(proxy.getPropertyName().equals("foo")) { // proxy is a PropertyChangeListener 
which was associated // with the property named "foo" } } } 



    Returns: all of the PropertyChangeListeners added or an empty array if no listeners have 
             been added 

*java.beans.PropertyChangeSupport.getPropertyChangeListeners(String)*

public |java.beans.PropertyChangeListener|[] getPropertyChangeListeners(java.lang.String propertyName)

Returns an array of all the listeners which have been associated with the named 
property. 


    propertyName - The name of the property being listened to 

    Returns: all of the PropertyChangeListeners associated with the named property. If no 
             such listeners have been added, or if propertyName is null, an 
             empty array is returned. 

*java.beans.PropertyChangeSupport.hasListeners(String)*

public boolean hasListeners(java.lang.String propertyName)

Check if there are any listeners for a specific property, including those 
registered on all properties. If propertyName is null, only check for listeners 
registered on all properties. 


    propertyName - the property name. 

    Returns: true if there are one or more listeners for the given property 

*java.beans.PropertyChangeSupport.removePropertyChangeListener(PropertyChangeListener)*

public void removePropertyChangeListener(java.beans.PropertyChangeListener listener)

Remove a PropertyChangeListener from the listener list. This removes a 
PropertyChangeListener that was registered for all properties. If listener was 
added more than once to the same event source, it will be notified one less 
time after being removed. If listener is null, or was never added, no exception 
is thrown and no action is taken. 


    listener - The PropertyChangeListener to be removed 

*java.beans.PropertyChangeSupport.removePropertyChangeListener(String,PropertyChangeListener)*

public void removePropertyChangeListener(
  java.lang.String propertyName,
  java.beans.PropertyChangeListener listener)

Remove a PropertyChangeListener for a specific property. If listener was added 
more than once to the same event source for the specified property, it will be 
notified one less time after being removed. If propertyName is null, no 
exception is thrown and no action is taken. If listener is null, or was never 
added for the specified property, no exception is thrown and no action is 
taken. 


    propertyName - The name of the property that was listened on. 
    listener - The PropertyChangeListener to be removed 


