*java.lang.invoke.MethodHandles.Lookup* *MethodHandles.Lookup* A lookup object i

public static final class MethodHandles.Lookup
  extends    |java.lang.Object|

|java.lang.invoke.MethodHandles.Lookup_Description|
|java.lang.invoke.MethodHandles.Lookup_Fields|
|java.lang.invoke.MethodHandles.Lookup_Constructors|
|java.lang.invoke.MethodHandles.Lookup_Methods|

================================================================================

*java.lang.invoke.MethodHandles.Lookup_Fields*
|int_java.lang.invoke.MethodHandles.Lookup.PACKAGE|
|int_java.lang.invoke.MethodHandles.Lookup.PRIVATE|
|int_java.lang.invoke.MethodHandles.Lookup.PROTECTED|
|int_java.lang.invoke.MethodHandles.Lookup.PUBLIC|

*java.lang.invoke.MethodHandles.Lookup_Methods*
|java.lang.invoke.MethodHandles.Lookup.bind(Object,String,MethodType)|Produces 
|java.lang.invoke.MethodHandles.Lookup.findConstructor(Class<?>,MethodType)|Pro
|java.lang.invoke.MethodHandles.Lookup.findGetter(Class<?>,String,Class<?>)|Pro
|java.lang.invoke.MethodHandles.Lookup.findSetter(Class<?>,String,Class<?>)|Pro
|java.lang.invoke.MethodHandles.Lookup.findSpecial(Class<?>,String,MethodType,Class<?>)|
|java.lang.invoke.MethodHandles.Lookup.findStatic(Class<?>,String,MethodType)|P
|java.lang.invoke.MethodHandles.Lookup.findStaticGetter(Class<?>,String,Class<?>)|
|java.lang.invoke.MethodHandles.Lookup.findStaticSetter(Class<?>,String,Class<?>)|
|java.lang.invoke.MethodHandles.Lookup.findVirtual(Class<?>,String,MethodType)|
|java.lang.invoke.MethodHandles.Lookup.in(Class<?>)|Creates a lookup on the spe
|java.lang.invoke.MethodHandles.Lookup.lookupClass()|Tells which class is perfo
|java.lang.invoke.MethodHandles.Lookup.lookupModes()|Tells which access-protect
|java.lang.invoke.MethodHandles.Lookup.toString()|Displays the name of the clas
|java.lang.invoke.MethodHandles.Lookup.unreflect(Method)|Makes a direct method 
|java.lang.invoke.MethodHandles.Lookup.unreflectConstructor(Constructor)|Produc
|java.lang.invoke.MethodHandles.Lookup.unreflectGetter(Field)|Produces a method
|java.lang.invoke.MethodHandles.Lookup.unreflectSetter(Field)|Produces a method
|java.lang.invoke.MethodHandles.Lookup.unreflectSpecial(Method,Class<?>)|Produc

*java.lang.invoke.MethodHandles.Lookup_Description*

A lookup object is a factory for creating method handles, when the creation 
requires access checking. Method handles do not perform access checks when they 
are called, but rather when they are created. Therefore, method handle access 
restrictions must be enforced when a method handle is created. The caller class 
against which those restrictions are enforced is known as the lookup 
class(|java.lang.invoke.MethodHandles.Lookup|) . 

A lookup class which needs to create method handles will call 
MethodHandles.lookup(|java.lang.invoke.MethodHandles|) to create a factory for 
itself. When theLookupfactory object is created, the identity of the lookup 
class is determined, and securely stored in theLookupobject. The lookup class 
(or its delegates) may then use factory methods on theLookupobject to create 
method handles for access-checked members. This includes all methods, 
constructors, and fields which are allowed to the lookup class, even private 
ones. 

The factory methods on aLookupobject correspond to all major use cases for 
methods, constructors, and fields. Here is a summary of the correspondence 
between these factory methods and the behavior the resulting method handles: 

lookup expressionmemberbehavior 

lookup.findGetter(C.class,"f",FT.class)(|java.lang.invoke.MethodHandles.Lookup|)
FT f;(T) this.f; 

lookup.findStaticGetter(C.class,"f",FT.class)(|java.lang.invoke.MethodHandles.Lookup|)
staticFT f;(T) C.f; 

lookup.findSetter(C.class,"f",FT.class)(|java.lang.invoke.MethodHandles.Lookup|)
FT f;this.f = x; 

lookup.findStaticSetter(C.class,"f",FT.class)(|java.lang.invoke.MethodHandles.Lookup|)
staticFT f;C.f = arg; 

lookup.findVirtual(C.class,"m",MT)(|java.lang.invoke.MethodHandles.Lookup|) T 
m(A*);(T) this.m(arg*); 

lookup.findStatic(C.class,"m",MT)(|java.lang.invoke.MethodHandles.Lookup|) 
staticT m(A*);(T) C.m(arg*); 

lookup.findSpecial(C.class,"m",MT,this.class)(|java.lang.invoke.MethodHandles.Lookup|)
T m(A*);(T) super.m(arg*); 

lookup.findConstructor(C.class,MT)(|java.lang.invoke.MethodHandles.Lookup|) 
C(A*);(T) new C(arg*); 

lookup.unreflectGetter(aField)(|java.lang.invoke.MethodHandles.Lookup|) 
(static)?FT f;(FT) aField.get(thisOrNull); 

lookup.unreflectSetter(aField)(|java.lang.invoke.MethodHandles.Lookup|) 
(static)?FT f;aField.set(thisOrNull, arg); 

lookup.unreflect(aMethod)(|java.lang.invoke.MethodHandles.Lookup|) (static)?T 
m(A*);(T) aMethod.invoke(thisOrNull, arg*); 

lookup.unreflectConstructor(aConstructor)(|java.lang.invoke.MethodHandles.Lookup|)
C(A*);(C) aConstructor.newInstance(arg*); 

lookup.unreflect(aMethod)(|java.lang.invoke.MethodHandles.Lookup|) (static)?T 
m(A*);(T) aMethod.invoke(thisOrNull, arg*); 



Here, the typeCis the class or interface being searched for a member, 
documented as a parameter namedrefcin the lookup methods. The method or 
constructor typeMTis composed from the return typeTand the sequence of argument 
typesA*. BothMTand the field typeFTare documented as a parameter namedtype. The 
formal parameterthisstands for the self-reference of typeC; if it is present, 
it is always the leading argument to the method handle invocation. (In the case 
of someprotectedmembers,thismay be restricted in type to the lookup class; see 
below.) The nameargstands for all the other method handle arguments. In the 
code examples for the Core Reflection API, the namethisOrNullstands for a null 
reference if the accessed method or field is static, andthisotherwise. The 
namesaMethod,aField, andaConstructorstand for reflective objects corresponding 
to the given members. 

In cases where the given member is of variable arity (i.e., a method or 
constructor) the returned method handle will also be of variable 
arity(|java.lang.invoke.MethodHandle|) . In all other cases, the returned 
method handle will be of fixed arity. 

The equivalence between looked-up method handles and underlying class members 
can break down in a few ways: 

IfCis not symbolically accessible from the lookup class's loader, the lookup 
can still succeed, even when there is no equivalent Java expression or 
bytecoded constant. Likewise, ifTorMTis not symbolically accessible from the 
lookup class's loader, the lookup can still succeed. For example, lookups 
forMethodHandle.invokeExactandMethodHandle.invokewill always succeed, 
regardless of requested type. If there is a security manager installed, it can 
forbid the lookup on various grounds (see below). By contrast, 
theldcinstruction is not subject to security manager checks. 

Access checking Access checks are applied in the factory methods ofLookup, when 
a method handle is created. This is a key difference from the Core Reflection 
API, since java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(|java.lang.reflect.Method|) performs 
access checking against every caller, on every call. 

All access checks start from aLookupobject, which compares its recorded lookup 
class against all requests to create method handles. A singleLookupobject can 
be used to create any number of access-checked method handles, all checked 
against a single lookup class. 

ALookupobject can be shared with other trusted code, such as a metaobject 
protocol. A sharedLookupobject delegates the capability to create method 
handles on private members of the lookup class. Even if privileged code uses 
theLookupobject, the access checking is confined to the privileges of the 
original lookup class. 

A lookup can fail, because the containing class is not accessible to the lookup 
class, or because the desired class member is missing, or because the desired 
class member is not accessible to the lookup class. In any of these cases, 
aReflectiveOperationExceptionwill be thrown from the attempted lookup. The 
exact class will be one of the following: 

NoSuchMethodException if a method is requested but does not exist 
NoSuchFieldException if a field is requested but does not exist 
IllegalAccessException if the member exists but an access check fails 

In general, the conditions under which a method handle may be looked up for a 
methodMare exactly equivalent to the conditions under which the lookup class 
could have compiled and resolved a call toM. And the effect of invoking the 
method handle resulting from the lookup is exactly equivalent to executing the 
compiled and resolved call toM. The same point is true of fields and 
constructors. 

If the desired member isprotected, the usual JVM rules apply, including the 
requirement that the lookup class must be either be in the same package as the 
desired member, or must inherit that member. (See the Java Virtual Machine 
Specification, sections 4.9.2, 5.4.3.5, and 6.4.) In addition, if the desired 
member is a non-static field or method in a different package, the resulting 
method handle may only be applied to objects of the lookup class or one of its 
subclasses. This requirement is enforced by narrowing the type of the 
leadingthisparameter fromC(which will necessarily be a superclass of the lookup 
class) to the lookup class itself. 

In some cases, access between nested classes is obtained by the Java compiler 
by creating an wrapper method to access a private method of another class in 
the same top-level declaration. For example, a nested classC.Dcan access 
private members within other related classes such asC,C.D.E, orC.B, but the 
Java compiler may need to generate wrapper methods in those related classes. In 
such cases, aLookupobject onC.Ewould be unable to those private members. A 
workaround for this limitation is the 
Lookup.in(|java.lang.invoke.MethodHandles.Lookup|) method, which can transform 
a lookup onC.Einto one on any of those other classes, without special elevation 
of privilege. 

Although bytecode instructions can only refer to classes in a related class 
loader, this API can search for methods in any class, as long as a reference to 
itsClassobject is available. Such cross-loader references are also possible 
with the Core Reflection API, and are impossible to bytecode instructions such 
asinvokestaticorgetfield. There is a security manager 
API(|java.lang.SecurityManager|) to allow applications to check such 
cross-loader references. These checks apply to both theMethodHandles.LookupAPI 
and the Core Reflection API (as found on Class(|java.lang.Class|) ). 

Access checks only apply to named and reflected methods, constructors, and 
fields. Other method handle creation methods, such as 
MethodHandle.asType(|java.lang.invoke.MethodHandle|) , do not require any 
access checks, and are done with static methods of 
(|java.lang.invoke.MethodHandles|) , independently of anyLookupobject. 

Security manager interactions 

If a security manager is present, member lookups are subject to additional 
checks. From one to four calls are made to the security manager. Any of these 
calls can refuse access by throwing a 
SecurityException(|java.lang.SecurityException|) . Definesmgras the security 
manager,refcas the containing class in which the member is being sought, 
anddefcas the class in which the member is actually defined. The calls are made 
according to the following rules: 

In all cases, smgr.checkMemberAccess(refc, 
Member.PUBLIC)(|java.lang.SecurityManager|) is called. If the class loader of 
the lookup class is not the same as or an ancestor of the class loader ofrefc, 
then smgr.checkPackageAccess(refcPkg)(|java.lang.SecurityManager|) is called, 
whererefcPkgis the package ofrefc. If the retrieved member is not public, 
smgr.checkMemberAccess(defc, Member.DECLARED)(|java.lang.SecurityManager|) is 
called. (Note thatdefcmight be the same asrefc.) The default implementation of 
this security manager method inspects the stack to determine the original 
caller of the reflective request (such asfindStatic), and performs additional 
permission checks if the class loader ofdefcdiffers from the class loader of 
the class from which the reflective request came. If the retrieved member is 
not public, and ifdefcandrefcare in different class loaders, and if the class 
loader of the lookup class is not the same as or an ancestor of the class 
loader ofdefc, then 
smgr.checkPackageAccess(defcPkg)(|java.lang.SecurityManager|) is called, 
wheredefcPkgis the package ofdefc. 



*int_java.lang.invoke.MethodHandles.Lookup.PACKAGE*

A single-bit mask representingpackageaccess (default access), which may 
contribute to the result of 
lookupModes(|java.lang.invoke.MethodHandles.Lookup|) . The value is0x08, which 
does not correspond meaningfully to any particular modifier 
bit(|java.lang.reflect.Modifier|) . 


*int_java.lang.invoke.MethodHandles.Lookup.PRIVATE*

A single-bit mask representingprivateaccess, which may contribute to the result 
of lookupModes(|java.lang.invoke.MethodHandles.Lookup|) . The value,0x02, 
happens to be the same as the value of theprivate modifier 
bit(|java.lang.reflect.Modifier|) . 


*int_java.lang.invoke.MethodHandles.Lookup.PROTECTED*

A single-bit mask representingprotectedaccess, which may contribute to the 
result of lookupModes(|java.lang.invoke.MethodHandles.Lookup|) . The 
value,0x04, happens to be the same as the value of theprotected modifier 
bit(|java.lang.reflect.Modifier|) . 


*int_java.lang.invoke.MethodHandles.Lookup.PUBLIC*

A single-bit mask representingpublicaccess, which may contribute to the result 
of lookupModes(|java.lang.invoke.MethodHandles.Lookup|) . The value,0x01, 
happens to be the same as the value of thepublic modifier 
bit(|java.lang.reflect.Modifier|) . 



*java.lang.invoke.MethodHandles.Lookup.bind(Object,String,MethodType)*

public |java.lang.invoke.MethodHandle| bind(
  java.lang.Object receiver,
  java.lang.String name,
  java.lang.invoke.MethodType type)
  throws |java.lang.IllegalAccessException|
         |java.lang.NoSuchMethodException|
         
Produces an early-bound method handle for a non-static method. The receiver 
must have a supertypedefcin which a method of the given name and type is 
accessible to the lookup class. The method and all its argument types must be 
accessible to the lookup class. The type of the method handle will be that of 
the method, without any insertion of an additional receiver parameter. The 
given receiver will be bound into the method handle, so that every call to the 
method handle will invoke the requested method on the given receiver. 

The returned method handle will have variable 
arity(|java.lang.invoke.MethodHandle|) if and only if the method's variable 
arity modifier bit (0x0080) is set and the trailing array argument is not the 
only argument. (If the trailing array argument is the only argument, the given 
receiver value will be bound to it.) 

This is equivalent to the following code: 

import static java.lang.invoke.MethodHandles.*; import static 
java.lang.invoke.MethodType.*; ... MethodHandle mh0 = lookup(). 
findVirtual(|java.lang.invoke.MethodHandles.Lookup|) (defc, name, type); 
MethodHandle mh1 = mh0. bindTo(|java.lang.invoke.MethodHandle|) (receiver); 
MethodType mt1 = mh1.type(); if (mh0.isVarargsCollector()) mh1 = 
mh1.asVarargsCollector(mt1.parameterType(mt1.parameterCount()-1)); return mh1; 

wheredefcis eitherreceiver.getClass()or a super type of that class, in which 
the requested method is accessible to the lookup class. (Note thatbindTodoes 
not preserve variable arity.) 


    receiver - the object from which the method is accessed 
    name - the name of the method 
    type - the type of the method, with the receiver argument omitted 

    Returns: the desired method handle 

*java.lang.invoke.MethodHandles.Lookup.findConstructor(Class<?>,MethodType)*

public |java.lang.invoke.MethodHandle| findConstructor(
  java.lang.Class<?> refc,
  java.lang.invoke.MethodType type)
  throws |java.lang.IllegalAccessException|
         |java.lang.NoSuchMethodException|
         
Produces a method handle which creates an object and initializes it, using the 
constructor of the specified type. The parameter types of the method handle 
will be those of the constructor, while the return type will be a reference to 
the constructor's class. The constructor and all its argument types must be 
accessible to the lookup class. If the constructor's class has not yet been 
initialized, that is done immediately, before the method handle is returned. 

Note: The requested type must have a return type ofvoid. This is consistent 
with the JVM's treatment of constructor type descriptors. 

The returned method handle will have variable 
arity(|java.lang.invoke.MethodHandle|) if and only if the constructor's 
variable arity modifier bit (0x0080) is set. 


    refc - the class or interface from which the method is accessed 
    type - the type of the method, with the receiver argument omitted, and a void return 
       type 

    Returns: the desired method handle 

*java.lang.invoke.MethodHandles.Lookup.findGetter(Class<?>,String,Class<?>)*

public |java.lang.invoke.MethodHandle| findGetter(
  java.lang.Class<?> refc,
  java.lang.String name,
  java.lang.Class<?> type)
  throws |java.lang.IllegalAccessException|
         |java.lang.NoSuchFieldException|
         
Produces a method handle giving read access to a non-static field. The type of 
the method handle will have a return type of the field's value type. The method 
handle's single argument will be the instance containing the field. Access 
checking is performed immediately on behalf of the lookup class. 


    refc - the class or interface from which the method is accessed 
    name - the field's name 
    type - the field's type 

    Returns: a method handle which can load values from the field 

*java.lang.invoke.MethodHandles.Lookup.findSetter(Class<?>,String,Class<?>)*

public |java.lang.invoke.MethodHandle| findSetter(
  java.lang.Class<?> refc,
  java.lang.String name,
  java.lang.Class<?> type)
  throws |java.lang.IllegalAccessException|
         |java.lang.NoSuchFieldException|
         
Produces a method handle giving write access to a non-static field. The type of 
the method handle will have a void return type. The method handle will take two 
arguments, the instance containing the field, and the value to be stored. The 
second argument will be of the field's value type. Access checking is performed 
immediately on behalf of the lookup class. 


    refc - the class or interface from which the method is accessed 
    name - the field's name 
    type - the field's type 

    Returns: a method handle which can store values into the field 

*java.lang.invoke.MethodHandles.Lookup.findSpecial(Class<?>,String,MethodType,Class<?>)*

public |java.lang.invoke.MethodHandle| findSpecial(
  java.lang.Class<?> refc,
  java.lang.String name,
  java.lang.invoke.MethodType type,
  java.lang.Class<?> specialCaller)
  throws |java.lang.IllegalAccessException|
         |java.lang.NoSuchMethodException|
         
Produces an early-bound method handle for a virtual method, as if called from 
aninvokespecialinstruction fromcaller. The type of the method handle will be 
that of the method, with a suitably restricted receiver type (such ascaller) 
prepended. The method and all its argument types must be accessible to the 
caller. 

When called, the handle will treat the first argument as a receiver, but will 
not dispatch on the receiver's type. (This direct invocation action is 
identical with that performed by aninvokespecialinstruction.) 

If the explicitly specified caller class is not identical with the lookup 
class, or if this lookup object does not have private access privileges, the 
access fails. 

The returned method handle will have variable 
arity(|java.lang.invoke.MethodHandle|) if and only if the method's variable 
arity modifier bit (0x0080) is set. 


    refc - the class or interface from which the method is accessed 
    name - the name of the method (which must not be "<init>") 
    type - the type of the method, with the receiver argument omitted 
    specialCaller - the proposed calling class to perform the {@code invokespecial} 

    Returns: the desired method handle 

*java.lang.invoke.MethodHandles.Lookup.findStatic(Class<?>,String,MethodType)*

public |java.lang.invoke.MethodHandle| findStatic(
  java.lang.Class<?> refc,
  java.lang.String name,
  java.lang.invoke.MethodType type)
  throws |java.lang.IllegalAccessException|
         |java.lang.NoSuchMethodException|
         
Produces a method handle for a static method. The type of the method handle 
will be that of the method. (Since static methods do not take receivers, there 
is no additional receiver argument inserted into the method handle type, as 
there would be with findVirtual(|java.lang.invoke.MethodHandles.Lookup|) or 
findSpecial(|java.lang.invoke.MethodHandles.Lookup|) .) The method and all its 
argument types must be accessible to the lookup class. If the method's class 
has not yet been initialized, that is done immediately, before the method 
handle is returned. 

The returned method handle will have variable 
arity(|java.lang.invoke.MethodHandle|) if and only if the method's variable 
arity modifier bit (0x0080) is set. 


    refc - the class from which the method is accessed 
    name - the name of the method 
    type - the type of the method 

    Returns: the desired method handle 

*java.lang.invoke.MethodHandles.Lookup.findStaticGetter(Class<?>,String,Class<?>)*

public |java.lang.invoke.MethodHandle| findStaticGetter(
  java.lang.Class<?> refc,
  java.lang.String name,
  java.lang.Class<?> type)
  throws |java.lang.IllegalAccessException|
         |java.lang.NoSuchFieldException|
         
Produces a method handle giving read access to a static field. The type of the 
method handle will have a return type of the field's value type. The method 
handle will take no arguments. Access checking is performed immediately on 
behalf of the lookup class. 


    refc - the class or interface from which the method is accessed 
    name - the field's name 
    type - the field's type 

    Returns: a method handle which can load values from the field 

*java.lang.invoke.MethodHandles.Lookup.findStaticSetter(Class<?>,String,Class<?>)*

public |java.lang.invoke.MethodHandle| findStaticSetter(
  java.lang.Class<?> refc,
  java.lang.String name,
  java.lang.Class<?> type)
  throws |java.lang.IllegalAccessException|
         |java.lang.NoSuchFieldException|
         
Produces a method handle giving write access to a static field. The type of the 
method handle will have a void return type. The method handle will take a 
single argument, of the field's value type, the value to be stored. Access 
checking is performed immediately on behalf of the lookup class. 


    refc - the class or interface from which the method is accessed 
    name - the field's name 
    type - the field's type 

    Returns: a method handle which can store values into the field 

*java.lang.invoke.MethodHandles.Lookup.findVirtual(Class<?>,String,MethodType)*

public |java.lang.invoke.MethodHandle| findVirtual(
  java.lang.Class<?> refc,
  java.lang.String name,
  java.lang.invoke.MethodType type)
  throws |java.lang.IllegalAccessException|
         |java.lang.NoSuchMethodException|
         
Produces a method handle for a virtual method. The type of the method handle 
will be that of the method, with the receiver type (usuallyrefc) prepended. The 
method and all its argument types must be accessible to the lookup class. 

When called, the handle will treat the first argument as a receiver and 
dispatch on the receiver's type to determine which method implementation to 
enter. (The dispatching action is identical with that performed by 
aninvokevirtualorinvokeinterfaceinstruction.) 

The first argument will be of typerefcif the lookup class has full privileges 
to access the member. Otherwise the member must beprotectedand the first 
argument will be restricted in type to the lookup class. 

The returned method handle will have variable 
arity(|java.lang.invoke.MethodHandle|) if and only if the method's variable 
arity modifier bit (0x0080) is set. 

Because of the general equivalence betweeninvokevirtualinstructions and method 
handles produced byfindVirtual, if the class isMethodHandleand the name string 
isinvokeExactorinvoke, the resulting method handle is equivalent to one 
produced by MethodHandles.exactInvoker(|java.lang.invoke.MethodHandles|) or 
MethodHandles.invoker(|java.lang.invoke.MethodHandles|) with the 
sametypeargument. 


    refc - the class or interface from which the method is accessed 
    name - the name of the method 
    type - the type of the method, with the receiver argument omitted 

    Returns: the desired method handle 

*java.lang.invoke.MethodHandles.Lookup.in(Class<?>)*

public |java.lang.invoke.MethodHandles.Lookup| in(java.lang.Class<?> requestedLookupClass)

Creates a lookup on the specified new lookup class. The resulting object will 
report the specified class as its own 
lookupClass(|java.lang.invoke.MethodHandles.Lookup|) . 

However, the resultingLookupobject is guaranteed to have no more access 
capabilities than the original. In particular, access capabilities can be lost 
as follows: If the new lookup class differs from the old one, protected members 
will not be accessible by virtue of inheritance. (Protected members may 
continue to be accessible because of package sharing.) If the new lookup class 
is in a different package than the old one, protected and default (package) 
members will not be accessible. If the new lookup class is not within the same 
package member as the old one, private members will not be accessible. If the 
new lookup class is not accessible to the old lookup class, then no members, 
not even public members, will be accessible. (In all other cases, public 
members will continue to be accessible.) 


    requestedLookupClass - the desired lookup class for the new lookup object 

    Returns: a lookup object which reports the desired lookup class 

*java.lang.invoke.MethodHandles.Lookup.lookupClass()*

public |java.lang.Class|<?> lookupClass()

Tells which class is performing the lookup. It is this class against which 
checks are performed for visibility and access permissions. 

The class implies a maximum level of access permission, but the permissions may 
be additionally limited by the bitmask 
lookupModes(|java.lang.invoke.MethodHandles.Lookup|) , which controls whether 
non-public members can be accessed. 



*java.lang.invoke.MethodHandles.Lookup.lookupModes()*

public int lookupModes()

Tells which access-protection classes of members this lookup object can 
produce. The result is a bit-mask of the bits PUBLIC 
(0x01)(|java.lang.invoke.MethodHandles.Lookup|) , PRIVATE 
(0x02)(|java.lang.invoke.MethodHandles.Lookup|) , PROTECTED 
(0x04)(|java.lang.invoke.MethodHandles.Lookup|) , and PACKAGE 
(0x08)(|java.lang.invoke.MethodHandles.Lookup|) . 

A freshly-created lookup object on the caller's 
class(|java.lang.invoke.MethodHandles|) has all possible bits set, since the 
caller class can access all its own members. A lookup object on a new lookup 
class created from a previous lookup 
object(|java.lang.invoke.MethodHandles.Lookup|) may have some mode bits set to 
zero. The purpose of this is to restrict access via the new lookup object, so 
that it can access only names which can be reached by the original lookup 
object, and also by the new lookup class. 



*java.lang.invoke.MethodHandles.Lookup.toString()*

public |java.lang.String| toString()

Displays the name of the class from which lookups are to be made. (The name is 
the one reported by Class.getName(|java.lang.Class|) .) If there are 
restrictions on the access permitted to this lookup, this is indicated by 
adding a suffix to the class name, consisting of a slash and a keyword. The 
keyword represents the strongest allowed access, and is chosen as follows: 

If no access is allowed, the suffix is "/noaccess". If only public access is 
allowed, the suffix is "/public". If only public and package access are 
allowed, the suffix is "/package". If only public, package, and private access 
are allowed, the suffix is "/private". 

If none of the above cases apply, it is the case that full access (public, 
package, private, and protected) is allowed. In this case, no suffix is added. 
This is true only of an object obtained originally from 
MethodHandles.lookup(|java.lang.invoke.MethodHandles|) . Objects created by 
Lookup.in(|java.lang.invoke.MethodHandles.Lookup|) always have restricted 
access, and will display a suffix. 

(It may seem strange that protected access should be stronger than private 
access. Viewed independently from package access, protected access is the first 
to be lost, because it requires a direct subclass relationship between caller 
and callee.) 



*java.lang.invoke.MethodHandles.Lookup.unreflect(Method)*

public |java.lang.invoke.MethodHandle| unreflect(java.lang.reflect.Method m)
  throws |java.lang.IllegalAccessException|
         
Makes a direct method handle to m, if the lookup class has permission. If m is 
non-static, the receiver argument is treated as an initial argument. If m is 
virtual, overriding is respected on every call. Unlike the Core Reflection API, 
exceptions are not wrapped. The type of the method handle will be that of the 
method, with the receiver type prepended (but only if it is non-static). If the 
method'saccessibleflag is not set, access checking is performed immediately on 
behalf of the lookup class. If m is not public, do not share the resulting 
handle with untrusted parties. 

The returned method handle will have variable 
arity(|java.lang.invoke.MethodHandle|) if and only if the method's variable 
arity modifier bit (0x0080) is set. 


    m - the reflected method 

    Returns: a method handle which can invoke the reflected method 

*java.lang.invoke.MethodHandles.Lookup.unreflectConstructor(Constructor)*

public |java.lang.invoke.MethodHandle| unreflectConstructor(java.lang.reflect.Constructor c)
  throws |java.lang.IllegalAccessException|
         
Produces a method handle for a reflected constructor. The type of the method 
handle will be that of the constructor, with the return type changed to the 
declaring class. The method handle will perform anewInstanceoperation, creating 
a new instance of the constructor's class on the arguments passed to the method 
handle. 

If the constructor'saccessibleflag is not set, access checking is performed 
immediately on behalf of the lookup class. 

The returned method handle will have variable 
arity(|java.lang.invoke.MethodHandle|) if and only if the constructor's 
variable arity modifier bit (0x0080) is set. 


    c - the reflected constructor 

    Returns: a method handle which can invoke the reflected constructor 

*java.lang.invoke.MethodHandles.Lookup.unreflectGetter(Field)*

public |java.lang.invoke.MethodHandle| unreflectGetter(java.lang.reflect.Field f)
  throws |java.lang.IllegalAccessException|
         
Produces a method handle giving read access to a reflected field. The type of 
the method handle will have a return type of the field's value type. If the 
field is static, the method handle will take no arguments. Otherwise, its 
single argument will be the instance containing the field. If the 
field'saccessibleflag is not set, access checking is performed immediately on 
behalf of the lookup class. 


    f - the reflected field 

    Returns: a method handle which can load values from the reflected field 

*java.lang.invoke.MethodHandles.Lookup.unreflectSetter(Field)*

public |java.lang.invoke.MethodHandle| unreflectSetter(java.lang.reflect.Field f)
  throws |java.lang.IllegalAccessException|
         
Produces a method handle giving write access to a reflected field. The type of 
the method handle will have a void return type. If the field is static, the 
method handle will take a single argument, of the field's value type, the value 
to be stored. Otherwise, the two arguments will be the instance containing the 
field, and the value to be stored. If the field'saccessibleflag is not set, 
access checking is performed immediately on behalf of the lookup class. 


    f - the reflected field 

    Returns: a method handle which can store values into the reflected field 

*java.lang.invoke.MethodHandles.Lookup.unreflectSpecial(Method,Class<?>)*

public |java.lang.invoke.MethodHandle| unreflectSpecial(
  java.lang.reflect.Method m,
  java.lang.Class<?> specialCaller)
  throws |java.lang.IllegalAccessException|
         
Produces a method handle for a reflected method. It will bypass checks for 
overriding methods on the receiver, as if by ainvokespecialinstruction from 
within thespecialCaller. The type of the method handle will be that of the 
method, with the special caller type prepended (and not the receiver of the 
method). If the method'saccessibleflag is not set, access checking is performed 
immediately on behalf of the lookup class, as ifinvokespecialinstruction were 
being linked. 

The returned method handle will have variable 
arity(|java.lang.invoke.MethodHandle|) if and only if the method's variable 
arity modifier bit (0x0080) is set. 


    m - the reflected method 
    specialCaller - the class nominally calling the method 

    Returns: a method handle which can invoke the reflected method 


