*java.sql.SQLNonTransientException* *SQLNonTransientException* The subclass ofSQ

public class SQLNonTransientException
  extends    |java.sql.SQLException|

|java.sql.SQLNonTransientException_Description|
|java.sql.SQLNonTransientException_Fields|
|java.sql.SQLNonTransientException_Constructors|
|java.sql.SQLNonTransientException_Methods|

================================================================================

*java.sql.SQLNonTransientException_Constructors*
|java.sql.SQLNonTransientException()|Constructs a SQLNonTransientException obje
|java.sql.SQLNonTransientException(String)|Constructs a SQLNonTransientExceptio
|java.sql.SQLNonTransientException(String,String)|Constructs a SQLNonTransientE
|java.sql.SQLNonTransientException(String,String,int)|Constructs a SQLNonTransi
|java.sql.SQLNonTransientException(String,String,int,Throwable)|Constructs a SQ
|java.sql.SQLNonTransientException(String,String,Throwable)|Constructs a SQLNon
|java.sql.SQLNonTransientException(String,Throwable)|Constructs a SQLTransientE
|java.sql.SQLNonTransientException(Throwable)|Constructs a SQLNonTransientExcep

*java.sql.SQLNonTransientException_Description*

The subclass of (|java.sql.SQLException|) thrown when an instance where a retry 
of the same operation would fail unless the cause of the SQLException is 
corrected. 



*java.sql.SQLNonTransientException()*

public SQLNonTransientException()

Constructs a SQLNonTransientException object. The reason, SQLState are 
initialized to null and the vendor code is initialized to 0. 

The cause is not initialized, and may subsequently be initialized by a call to 
the (|java.lang.Throwable|) method. 


*java.sql.SQLNonTransientException(String)*

public SQLNonTransientException(java.lang.String reason)

Constructs a SQLNonTransientException object with a given reason. The SQLState 
is initialized to null and the vender code is initialized to 0. 

The cause is not initialized, and may subsequently be initialized by a call to 
the (|java.lang.Throwable|) method. 

    reason - a description of the exception 

*java.sql.SQLNonTransientException(String,String)*

public SQLNonTransientException(
  java.lang.String reason,
  java.lang.String SQLState)

Constructs a SQLNonTransientException object with a given reason and SQLState. 

The cause is not initialized, and may subsequently be initialized by a call to 
the (|java.lang.Throwable|) method. The vendor code is initialized to 0. 

    reason - a description of the exception 
    SQLState - an XOPEN or SQL:2003 code identifying the exception 

*java.sql.SQLNonTransientException(String,String,int)*

public SQLNonTransientException(
  java.lang.String reason,
  java.lang.String SQLState,
  int vendorCode)

Constructs a SQLNonTransientException object with a given reason, SQLState and 
vendorCode. 

The cause is not initialized, and may subsequently be initialized by a call to 
the (|java.lang.Throwable|) method. 

    reason - a description of the exception 
    SQLState - an XOPEN or SQL:2003 code identifying the exception 
    vendorCode - a database vendor specific exception code 

*java.sql.SQLNonTransientException(String,String,int,Throwable)*

public SQLNonTransientException(
  java.lang.String reason,
  java.lang.String SQLState,
  int vendorCode,
  java.lang.Throwable cause)

Constructs a SQLNonTransientException object with a given reason, SQLState, 
vendorCode and cause. 

    reason - a description of the exception 
    SQLState - an XOPEN or SQL:2003 code identifying the exception 
    vendorCode - a database vendor-specific exception code 
    cause - the underlying reason for this SQLException (which is saved for later retrieval 
       by the getCause() method); may be null indicating the cause is 
       non-existent or unknown. 

*java.sql.SQLNonTransientException(String,String,Throwable)*

public SQLNonTransientException(
  java.lang.String reason,
  java.lang.String SQLState,
  java.lang.Throwable cause)

Constructs a SQLNonTransientException object with a given reason, SQLState and 
cause. The vendor code is initialized to 0. 

    reason - a description of the exception. 
    SQLState - an XOPEN or SQL:2003 code identifying the exception 
    cause - the underlying reason for this SQLException (which is saved for later retrieval 
       by the getCause() method); may be null indicating the cause is 
       non-existent or unknown. 

*java.sql.SQLNonTransientException(String,Throwable)*

public SQLNonTransientException(
  java.lang.String reason,
  java.lang.Throwable cause)

Constructs a SQLTransientException object with a given reason and cause. The 
SQLState is initialized to null and the vendor code is initialized to 0. 

    reason - a description of the exception. 
    cause - the underlying reason for this SQLException (which is saved for later retrieval 
       by the getCause() method); may be null indicating the cause is 
       non-existent or unknown. 

*java.sql.SQLNonTransientException(Throwable)*

public SQLNonTransientException(java.lang.Throwable cause)

Constructs a SQLNonTransientException object with a given cause. The SQLState 
is initialized to null and the vendor code is initialized to 0. The reason is 
initialized to null if cause==null or to cause.toString() if cause!=null. 

    cause - the underlying reason for this SQLException (which is saved for later retrieval 
       by the getCause() method); may be null indicating the cause is 
       non-existent or unknown. 

