*java.util.spi.LocaleNameProvider* *LocaleNameProvider* An abstract class for se

public abstract class LocaleNameProvider
  extends    |java.util.spi.LocaleServiceProvider|

|java.util.spi.LocaleNameProvider_Description|
|java.util.spi.LocaleNameProvider_Fields|
|java.util.spi.LocaleNameProvider_Constructors|
|java.util.spi.LocaleNameProvider_Methods|

================================================================================

*java.util.spi.LocaleNameProvider_Constructors*
|java.util.spi.LocaleNameProvider()|Sole constructor.

*java.util.spi.LocaleNameProvider_Methods*
|java.util.spi.LocaleNameProvider.getDisplayCountry(String,Locale)|Returns a lo
|java.util.spi.LocaleNameProvider.getDisplayLanguage(String,Locale)|Returns a l
|java.util.spi.LocaleNameProvider.getDisplayScript(String,Locale)|Returns a loc
|java.util.spi.LocaleNameProvider.getDisplayVariant(String,Locale)|Returns a lo

*java.util.spi.LocaleNameProvider_Description*

An abstract class for service providers that provide localized names for the 
Locale(|java.util.Locale|) class. 



*java.util.spi.LocaleNameProvider()*

protected LocaleNameProvider()

Sole constructor. (For invocation by subclass constructors, typically 
implicit.) 


*java.util.spi.LocaleNameProvider.getDisplayCountry(String,Locale)*

public abstract |java.lang.String| getDisplayCountry(
  java.lang.String countryCode,
  java.util.Locale locale)

Returns a localized name for the given IETF BCP47 region code (either ISO 3166 
country code or UN M.49 area codes) and the given locale that is appropriate 
for display to the user. For example, if countryCode is "FR" and locale is 
en_US, getDisplayCountry() will return "France"; if countryCode is "US" and 
locale is fr_FR, getDisplayCountry() will return "Etats-Unis". If the name 
returned cannot be localized according to locale, (say, the provider does not 
have a Japanese name for Croatia), this method returns null. 


    countryCode - the country(region) code string in the form of two upper-case letters between 
       'A' (U+0041) and 'Z' (U+005A) or the UN M.49 area code in the form of 
       three digit letters between '0' (U+0030) and '9' (U+0039). 
    locale - the desired locale 

    Returns: the name of the given country code for the specified locale, or null if it's 
             not available. 

*java.util.spi.LocaleNameProvider.getDisplayLanguage(String,Locale)*

public abstract |java.lang.String| getDisplayLanguage(
  java.lang.String languageCode,
  java.util.Locale locale)

Returns a localized name for the given IETF BCP47 language code and the given 
locale that is appropriate for display to the user. For example, if 
languageCode is "fr" and locale is en_US, getDisplayLanguage() will return 
"French"; if languageCode is "en" and locale is fr_FR, getDisplayLanguage() 
will return "anglais". If the name returned cannot be localized according to 
locale, (say, the provider does not have a Japanese name for Croatian), this 
method returns null. 


    languageCode - the language code string in the form of two to eight lower-case letters between 
       'a' (U+0061) and 'z' (U+007A) 
    locale - the desired locale 

    Returns: the name of the given language code for the specified locale, or null if it's 
             not available. 

*java.util.spi.LocaleNameProvider.getDisplayScript(String,Locale)*

public |java.lang.String| getDisplayScript(
  java.lang.String scriptCode,
  java.util.Locale locale)

Returns a localized name for the given IETF BCP47 script code and the given 
locale that is appropriate for display to the user. For example, if scriptCode 
is "Latn" and locale is en_US, getDisplayScript() will return "Latin"; if 
scriptCode is "Cyrl" and locale is fr_FR, getDisplayScript() will return 
"cyrillique". If the name returned cannot be localized according to locale, 
(say, the provider does not have a Japanese name for Cyrillic), this method 
returns null. The default implementation returns null. 


    scriptCode - the four letter script code string in the form of title-case letters (the first 
       letter is upper-case character between 'A' (U+0041) and 'Z' (U+005A) 
       followed by three lower-case character between 'a' (U+0061) and 'z' 
       (U+007A)). 
    locale - the desired locale 

    Returns: the name of the given script code for the specified locale, or null if it's not 
             available. 

*java.util.spi.LocaleNameProvider.getDisplayVariant(String,Locale)*

public abstract |java.lang.String| getDisplayVariant(
  java.lang.String variant,
  java.util.Locale locale)

Returns a localized name for the given variant code and the given locale that 
is appropriate for display to the user. If the name returned cannot be 
localized according to locale, this method returns null. 


    variant - the variant string 
    locale - the desired locale 

    Returns: the name of the given variant string for the specified locale, or null if it's 
             not available. 


